1	$1.5 million is needed this year alone to purchase medical equipment for patient care, each SAH program and department with its own specific equipment needs.
2	$2700/m inclusive - 1214 bay door.
3	"36-Hours" DVD Now Available for PurchaseGovernor Bruce Dinwiddy offered his strong support, saying: "I hope the community will continue to support the Recovery Fund through the challenging times ahead by purchasing this historic DVD."
4	$6 plus $5 parking (per vehicle).
5	A 15-year-old who lost his wallet on Iceland is now the subject of a search by the man who found it.
6	A 1 Territory government would start, again using world’s best practice to deal with intractable, damaged and lost youth to turn them back into productive citizens and repay their victims for their crimes.
7	A $20,000 Commercial/Industrial Property Study, to be funded by the Eastern Ontario Development fund, was brought before Council for their approval.
8	A 2016 Police crime report says violent crimes, which take various forms such as carjackings, and criminal attacks with some turning fatal were on the rise in the country.
9	A 42-year-old man has been arrested for killing his coworker.
10	“AAR decisions are specific to the case, but they do have some precedence value,” the official said.
11	A: Assuming the debaters of is equal skill.
12	A Baby Ratty cameo, Justin Bieber ringtones, surf missions and a trip to the big vibe small town Morant Bay to get some ingredients for a PROPER ITAL.
13	A badlands milkvetch that he first identified bears his name.
14	A bee delivers a stop signal by giving another bee a brief, vibrational pulse, usually through a head-butt.
15	A Bendals man was fined $45,000 on drug charges in the St. John’s Magistrate’s Court on Monday.
16	A Benin man has not much trouble when the wife dies; But Benin woman escorts her husband to heaven and if she is lucky may return.
17	Abidjan has earlier been dominated by Gbagbo-supporters.
18	Ability to work with minimal supervision but also as part of a close team will be essential.
19	A bit disturbing; I thought my applicants were professional communicators.
20	A block party will be held from noon to 2 p.m. Saturday, Sept.
21	About 2,000 paddlefish each in the Lake of the Ozarks, Truman Lake and Table Rock Lake are swimming around with the tags, meant to monitor their populations.
22	About 200 people came out to support SAIL and to dance to the Big Band sound of post-war music.
23	About 25 male villagers were detained and loaded into trucks, paraded through the Zakhron Yosef quarter in Jerusalem, and then taken to a stone quarry along the road between Givat Shaul and Deir Yassin and shot to death.
24	About 300 third- through fifth-graders presented the research projects they’d been working on since the beginning of February at the school’s fourth annual Wax …
25	About 30 members of both departments were in attendance.
26	About 70 parents attended the annual Parents’ Association meeting in the Marvin Center Saturday to discuss the state of GW and the search for a new University President.
27	About a month before the blasts, Parachinar Press Club is hosting a small assembly of journalists, social workers and political leaders to discuss Fata’s proposed merger with Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
28	About the Author: Bob had been writing for the Filipino Journal since 1988 but hibernated for a long while to recover his health from Leukemia.
29	Abraham and workshop peers will give constructive feedback on the pieces.
30	A brochure at the Truth Booth also encourages women to call or e-mail the diocese for confidential help during and after their pregnancy.
31	Absolutely terpenes determine the effect between the two.
32	A bulk of the funding was to come from two sources: Proposition O bonds and Mello-Roos taxes, both typically used for projects with a lifespan of five years or more.
33	A bus lane has been created from the TGI Friday roundabout to a new set of traffic lights where buses can turn right to the station.
34	Academy Secretary Jahangir Hossain Chowdhury also spoke in press conference while Director Shahidul Islam was present.
35	A call came in from the grieving family telling me a member of our church had passed away.
36	A car ended up on its roof last year at this same bit, the water that constantly runs down the hill freezes over and it is extremely dangerous.
37	A carpets sale business was operating from there at one time.
38	Accompanied by the popular single, ‘Rumba Stylee,’ this revealed both a Jamaican and native African influence (the latter particularly evident in his ‘patois’ delivery, as frequently employed by Fela Kuti to communicate with the urban underclass).
39	Accompanying Sena was student Fernanda Schuster, who agreed and said, “I think it is interesting because there are a lot of things we don’t take advantage of.”
40	Accompanying these untested fighters are older experienced fighters and unit commanders, several of whom have been killed as well, as obvious from the various posters of the fallen released by the group.
41	According to a representative of the Bantul Volunteer Recovery Team, ‘When we arrive with volunteers, the villagers think we are being paid as well.
42	According to a statement released by the school to parents in the district, “The threat was determined by law enforcement to not be credible.”
43	According to British media reports, Mavropanos will complete a move to the Emirates Stadium this week in a deal worth around 2mn pounds ($2.
44	According to Dia El-Quosy, the former chairman of Egypt’s National Water Research Centre, the dam will reduce water flow anywhere from 1,300 billion gallons to 6,600 billion gallons per year.
45	According to documents obtained by CNN, Brooks let them know that Geddert met with Steve Penny and a USAG board member.
46	According to Eleven Media, a local outlet that reported the story, the photos were part of a video taken by a man identified as Maung Maung Tun, who passed the footage to journalists.
47	According to event organizer Matthew Aguirre, the summit centers around a different theme every year.
48	According to Friedman, the big challenge we face in the Arab and Islamic world is "the Narrative" -- his patronizing term for Muslim views about Americas supposedly negative role in the region.
49	According to Haslag, construction of the actual field itself will be finished in time for training camp in August.
50	According to him, teaching sex education in schools by fathers will be in conflict with religion and culture, because it is not in line with African culture for men to discuss the subject with their children.
51	According to him, there is a reduction of N45,351.47, compare to what was paid during the 2017 Hajj.
52	According to José Albornoz, Secretary General of the center-left Patria Para Todos, nearly all of the parties in the new coalition have supported the Chavez government at some point.
53	According to Kakhishvili, the Public Defenders had the task of looking into the many horror stories emerging through family and friends of inmates and criticized conditions although facts were often disputed and access was limited.
54	According to Lt. Col. Felicisimo Budiongan, commander of the Philippine Army’s Task Group North, their troops were able to capture three “NPA minors,” and two others while pursuing rebels in the village.
55	According to Nicholson, the dry walling contractors weren't available until after the Thanksgiving recess.
56	According to Rea, the USACE Galveston District considers environmental and economical needs in every project.
57	According to regulations, journalists also weren’t allowed enter inside the actual polling station, she said.
58	According to reports an agitated sea ebbed and flowed in an unusual way at Martinique and Barbados.
59	According to Rucker, he will make the search for a replacement police chief as open to the public as possible.
60	According to show producers, the cast and crew of the History Channel show "American Pickers" will be coming to Kansas this spring, with the hopes of discovering private antique collections and filming new episodes.
61	According to statistic of Bac Ninh’s Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism, the province has a total of eight sets of national treasures.
62	According to Steshenko’s mother, her son is not politically active, and has not been a soldier nor volunteer in the zone of military conflict in Donbas.
63	According to Tennessee Highway Patrol Lt. Travis Plotzer, Legnini tried to pass a commercial motor vehicle and hit Fulghum’s vehicle head-on.
64	According to the 2017 Social Attitudes Survey, 73% of the public are in favour of new building if the houses are genuinely affordable to local people on average incomes – 65% of those in rural communities do, too.
65	According to the Agency, more than 600 operating enterprises have been funded, 147 new enterprises have been created and about 10 thousand people have been employed through the project so far.
66	According to the centennial mother who does not wish to disclose the name of the clinic where the operation was undertaken, “I am very grateful to all the team of doctors who decided to go on with the operation,” she admitted in tears.
67	According to the Coral Gardens Police, about 12:45 p.m., they responded to several explosions coming from the area and discovered Smith with gunshot wounds to the upper body along the side of a gully.
68	According to the detectives, Hobley said that he'd gone to a gas station with a can, purchased gasoline, poured it in the stairwell and in the hallway outside his apartment, lit it with a match, and pitched the can down the second-floor hallway.
69	According to the EPS sources, the Liberia National Police Homicide Division took over the matter and they are investigating circumstances surrounding the alleged death of Special Agent Calphin.
70	According to the government of Canada, CETA will bring an extra $12 billion in revenue for Canada and increase trade by 20 per cent.
71	According to the inmates of Salberga high security prison near Västerås, the distribution of toilet rolls at the institution changed last year, and they are now getting less – and of poor quality – toilet paper.
72	According to the International Telecommunication Union’s most recent data for Lebanon (which comes from 2012), despite 61.25 percent of the population having an internet connection, there are only 451,000 broadband connections.
73	According to the manufacturers, only 49.2 percent of the 33,320 impacted Ford Rangers, and 55 percent of the 2,205 Mazda B-Series trucks, have been fixed.
74	According to the Newspaper, Sikri, who leads the Bench, responded.
75	According to the preliminary data of the CEC, over 17.941 million voters cast their ballots in the presidential elections, which makes up 87.83% from total number of registered voters.
76	According to the report inspectors found roaches on several sticky traps throughout the facility, including one live roach by the dish machine.
77	According to the South African Reserve Bank’s Quarterly Bulletin June 2017, manufacturing production contracted for the third successive quarter in the first quarter of this year mainly due to weak domestic demand and low business confidence.
78	According to the United Nations Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC) after two years of contractions, Latin America and the Caribbean will grow at an average rate of 1.1% in 2017 thanks to a better international context.
79	According to tradition, visitors who want to return to the Eternal City throw three coins into the Trevi Fountain, but who wants to toss coins into it when it is empty?
80	Accounting responsibilities had been handed over to the Nunda firm of St. John & Baldwin in 1999.
81	Accuse PTI of striking a deal for Senate polls with him.
82	A charity bike run is being held to raise money for a Colchester toddler to have medical treatment in America.
83	Achesa promised better times for sports in the country, saying as a former boxer, the welfare of sportspeople was important to him.
84	A citation was issued to the at-fault driver.
85	A city crackdown on livery cab drivers who cruised for furniture-lugging passengers at the remote Ikea in Red Hook has led the Swedish home-furnishings behemoth to create a livery dispatch station for shoppers.
86	A class for those who'd like to lead in this work.
87	Acle United Ladies booked their place in the ERWFL Cup final with a 3-2 victory over visiting Billericay Town.
88	A close look at major corporate scandals around the world has its roots in corporate finance, compliance and/or governance.
89	A club spokesman said: “Junior grassroots football clubs rely on local businesses for support to offer opportunities for youngsters to play competitive football in the area.
90	AC Milan has also a very peculiar tradition: it tends to keep the same people around, promoting them as coaches or managers after they are done playing.
91	A coal waste dam on Buffalo Creek in Logan County collapsed, sending a 30-foot wave of water crashing down the valley, sweeping away everything in its path.
92	A comparison of the texts of the two speeches shows that she used many of the same words to stress her point.
93	A complete list of the 2018 SEC awards is below.
94	A complete overall of our laws and legal systems is required.
95	A confidential service which is independent from the University and provides impartial advice for all students.
96	“A… Cook Islands experience is not just lying around poolside, etc, and enjoying cocktails, the sun, sand and sea, or watching a one-off show or cultural show” said Cocker.
97	A couple local patrons overheard our discussion,” Whitlow said.
98	A crab, suh.” the market vendor replies respectfully.
99	Across Asia, cooks use woks for deep frying, steaming, making sauces and cooking noodles.
100	Across the United States, nearly 15 percent of Americans live below the poverty line, roughly 19 percent have physical disabilities, and 20 percent are affected by mental illness.
101	Acting Minister for Women (Victoria) Jenny Mikakos states: “Victorian women contribute equally to the success of our state and it’s important that we nominate them to be recognised for their service and dedication.”
102	Acting Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Culture, Gender, Entertainment and Sport Janice Lindsay made the call last week, speaking at a Jamaica Information Service Think Tank at the agency’s head office in Kingston.
103	Activists peddling videos of animal cruelty abroad are harming this nation's honourable record.
104	Actors Annette Bening, Elle Fanning and Lucas Jade Zumann were joined by director Mike Mills for a showing of “20th Century Women” at the Rafael Film Center as part of the Mill Valley Film Festival on Thursday.
105	Actually, as part of the mandate of the commission, it is stipulated that it shall produce a broadcasting code and as well as set out standards for the practice of the industry in Nigeria.
106	Actually most public libraries are full of children, their young adult parents, and teenagers.
107	Actually, we attend the same church.
108	“A culture of consent looks and sounds very different than what we have on campus right now,” said Rentschler.
109	ACustomer complaint will be resolved within 24 hours.
110	A day after it was learned a sexual predator targeted a 12-year-old Carthage boy by connecting with him through online gaming, Indian River Central held an Internet Safey Seminar.
111	Adding to a run of harsh headlines, a new poll says New York voters think “the Catholic Church is too involved in politics.”
112	Addis Abeba, one of the youngest…
113	Additionally, as the soil warms the inhibitor will not keep its effect as long in the soil as compared to a fall or early spring application.
114	Additionally, they are part of your estate and the money you paid in is not forfeited should you die before retirement age as it is with most pensions and with Social Security.
115	Add more oil as needed if much of the oil gets absorbed.
116	Address by the President of the Republic of Uzbekistan Islam Karimov at the delegation-level meeting of the Council of the SCO Heads of States telegram каналига қўшилинг ва энг сўнгги янгиликлардан хабардор бўлинг!
117	Add the strained mixture and gelatin into a saucepan over a low heat.
118	A deadly pathogen is munching its way through the region's majestic tan oaks--and it's just getting started.
119	ADELE FERGUSON: A year before Noel Stevens was diagnosed with cancer, he was working as a scaffolder and living in Frankston, Victoria, caring for his invalid mother, Daphne.
120	A development team led by Nuestra Comunidad Development Corporation (CDC) convened a workshop to solicit ideas from neighbors and other stakeholders in and around Mattapan on Tuesday evening at the Boston Public Library branch on Blue Hill Avenue.
121	Adhi Karya gained 7.1 percent to Rp 900 after the state builder said it had won three contracts worth a total of Rp 902.7 billion to build coal-fired power plants.
122	A divide is a dividing ridge, as a mountain range, separating one drainage area from others.
123	Adjacent to the space is the Knock Knock Maker Shop, where kids can extend their creative impulses to tinkering and invention.
124	Admittedly, London's average housing cost is still much higher at £487,600.
125	Adolescents can take charge of their clothing budgets.
126	Adoption of a new constitution will be the priority of the new parliament, Ismet Yilmaz, the newly elected speaker of the Turkish parliament, said.
127	A Drama Theater and Art Center will also operate in the building.
128	Adrian DeVuono, manager of community programs at the Sault Community Career Centre (left), is pictured with Josh Ingram, general manager of Downtown Association SSM.
129	Adrian Hook is a Partner of Blevins Franks and has been providing holistic financial planning advice to UK nationals in the Algarve since 2007.
130	Adults with HIV lost their jobs.
131	A – Dutch meetings are short; Brussels meetings are long.
132	Advertisers supported his project of sharing his sense of humor with folks around town.
133	Advocates of the Annapolis Maritime Museum believe "it takes a community to preserve and celebrate a maritime heritage."
134	Aecon shares are falling 15 per cent following Ottawa’s move to block a takeover of the company by a Chinese firm due to national security concerns.
135	Aereo Calafia offers a daily round flight from Cabo San Lucas to Bahia Magdalena and from Hermosillo to Guerrero Negro.
136	A Erith GP and her husband have been jailed for trafficking a woman to the UK in order to exploit her.
137	Aerotek believes these guideline allow them to best serve their community and stay a people focused company.
138	A fact which led to rumours last year that government was planning to convert these financial liabilities into equity, thereaby raising substantially its stake in the mines.
139	A federal court in Washington eventually rejected the boundaries, ruling they violated federal safeguards for voters of color.
140	A federal judge today barred the city of Los Angeles from enforcing gang injunctions, finding a civil court order local police have used for decades is likely unconstitutional.
141	A few days before the start of Monaco’s 76th Grand Prix, Charles Leclerc, the 20-year-old Monegasque Formula 1 driver, went to the Palace to offer his helmet to Prince Albert.
142	A few days later, the Galaxy eliminated San Jose 1-0 in a U.S. Open Cup game at Avaya Stadium.
143	A few months ago, we got a disturbing text message from our daughter: “Alphonse died of a massive heart attack.”
144	A few of his top players have been selected for the Alberta Summer Games tryouts, so they will be working on preparing for their time in the spotlight.
145	A few of the most impactful developments, in my opinion, are the modernization of ocean cargo transportation, the expansion of trade agreements and the lowering of duty and tax rates.
146	A few people have donated, but not anywhere near the goal she is trying to achieve.
147	“A few years ago we didn’t have a well-functioning ecosystem because we were missing components.
148	Afghanistan‘s two presidential election candidates have agreed to an audit in an attempt to resolve a dispute over the result of last month’s vote.
149	A fifth student joined them for the first semester.
150	A file photo of Kevin Boudreau enjoying the snow near in Anzac.
151	A first class service.
152	A flag must have a wire or other stiffener to hold it open, and a buoy may be three- or four-sided.
153	A formation of type-05 wheeled armored vehicles bearing the English mark of United Nations peacekeeping forces were driven into Kathmandu one by one in January this year.
154	A former City College of San Francisco official who pleaded guilty in a political fundraising scandal now is raising money for a City College trustee's re-election campaign.
155	A former Vice producer told CNNMoney in November that she and several other women met with The Times.
156	A fourth 180 from Whitlock puts him in control of this leg despite back-to-back 140s from Gurney and finishes off by taking out 44 to force another decider.
157	African citizens must elect leaders and governments fit for the Fourth Industrial Revolution – not those who are stuck in the independence or liberation “revolution” mode.
158	A friend with physics disposition recently explained momentum to me in this way: Okay, Beyan, momentum is the distance one travels from when you give him casotti (a kick in the toosh) to the place of rest.
159	"Afropolitan is a mixed term. It's aspirational, and it's speaking to a highly educated, wealthy elite that has coffee in Oslo, lunch in Milan and parties in LA."
160	After a 60-year wait, on April 11, 2013, President Obama will present the Medal of Honor posthumously to Father Kapaun’s nephew Ray Kapaun.
161	After about a week he moved south into Glacier National Park and ended up spending the rest of the fall in the upper Bowman Creek area.
162	After a couple of incomplete passes, Duncanville sophomore Treshone Devones intercepted a pass, breaking the cornerback and killing all hopes of a Plano East comeback.
163	After a figure is released, Prior represents the last actual for each indicator.
164	After a hard fought and close Republican primary, the winning candidate was former state Rep. Ralph Norman.
165	After a hard fought pitching duel in the circle, Kassidy Rhoudes took the loss after surrendering one run on six hits with five strikeouts in a complete game that included five shutout innings.
166	After all, amid a too-close-for-comfort geographical positioning with Nazi Germany in 1943-44, the officially…
167	After all of the flack the Gryphons received, Hendrikx and Dulhanty came forward with an apology, and justified their actions.
168	After all, previous Presidents who have been attacked were WHITE.
169	After all that’s one of the reasons why I came to college.
170	After all, the bypass now directs the vast majority of motorists away from the village and, while it’s only two minutes from the Kincardine Bridge, the historic building doesn’t exactly have huge neon signs drawing in hungry customers.
171	After all the events that have elapsed since the crucifixion, a small group of apostles and disciples return to the familiar seashore.
172	After all the truly insane degree of infra-structuring we have endured down here since September 11th, all of it engineered by people who claim to have the best interests of the area at heart, this feels like the last straw.
173	After all, this was a world where spaceships could be driven around the galaxy by people younger than me.
174	After all, we are talking about conceptual aspects of international security, specific “hot” and “frozen” conflicts”, Alexander Lukashenko said.
175	After all, who would want to “leave a child behind,” who wouldn’t want to “bridge the gap …,” who wouldn’t want “every child to succeed,” and who wants to be “out-educated?”
176	After a meeting that lasted over a couple of weeks, the chairpersons of the Executive Committee only came out to say that they take full responsibility for the state of the country.
177	After a prayer, the music group performed Bruce Springsteen’s “My City in Ruins.”
178	After a series of concerts with the Jackson Harmoneers, he said, Ray Charles's manager offered a big touring deal if they would cross over to other genres.
179	After assuming the vice presidency, Diaz-Canel became virtually invisible, leading many who knew him to wonder what had happened to the glad-handing bureaucrat from Villa Clara.
180	After a year of delay, the U.S.-Afghanistan Bilateral Security Agreement (BSA) will finally be signed.
181	After brainstorming sessions with a few volunteers, Rowland decided to create a Build-A-Thon project that would pit high schools who still had shop classes against each other.
182	After Chicago opened with a 28–19 lead, DePauw pushed back to go into the second half trailing 35–34.
183	After cutting into smaller patches, place them in a glass jar with at least half inch of para,di-clorobenzene on the bottom.
184	After defeating Cashmere by a final score of 5-2 on Saturday, the Goats fell by a score of 5-0 against Omak, ending their season.
185	After Duxbury’s three-set win over Cardinal Spellman on Monday, senior Izzi Murphy could barely contain her excitement.
186	After four straight wins, Eastern Michigan’s women’s volleyball team found themselves sneaking into the MAC tournament.
187	After further investigation, Mitchell was also charged with theft of a controlled substance, a class D felony.
188	After giving a brief history lesson about Speightstown, Jordan admitted that he was not taking the journey alone but would be drawing on the greatness of St Peter icons who had gone before him.
189	After graduating from the Seneca College Broadcast Journalism program, Jason's career took him to Rogers all-news and news-talk stations in Toronto, Halifax and now Ottawa.
190	After graduating, he went to the University of Houston.
191	“After I had been with the company about three or four years, we moved the headquarters to Knoxville for a more central location and better airport access for customers,” she said.
192	After making the move to Wolfville while his wife attended university here, Mark made the decision to concentrate on music on a full-time basis.
193	After McKinnon scored on a Ford error, Bourgeois drove a 2-1 pitch from Lee over the fence in left field for a three-run homer.
194	After nearly seven years in the economic doldrums, Egypt is keen to bolster its clothing exports, worth some $1.4bn a year, and employ over one million Egyptians.
195	After over ten years of waiting, the Star Wars franchise has returned to the world of cinema with vengeance with a film that is currently dominating the box office weeks after its initial debut.
196	After planning and fund-raising that took place beginning in the summer 2010, The JACC Committee for Art in Public Places, chaired by Sharon Beshore, decided to hire Loewenstein to guide a project that would reflect the values of the Joplin community.
197	“After playing the Latin tour, it was more of a shock just getting back here … I just felt really comfortable.”
198	After serving his country, he took residence in Shreveport for over 50 years and retired from AT&T in 1989.
199	After shopping here the cashier here always asks us for the exact change, this never happens in Europe, the cashier is supposed to have the change.
200	After suffering an illness, he fought hard to get back (for the State Qualifier meet).
201	After tennis star Venus Williams was found at fault in a car acident that killed a 78-year-old man, she’s being sued by the man’s family.
202	After that he expected to meet Prabhkaran on 25.
203	After that it (patella injury) happened during training and I've been battling ever since with that.
204	After the August inspection, the town directed Altherr to make a number of improvements, including widening the driveway in front of the hotel and creating a turn-around area that could accommodate fire trucks.
205	After the deal closes, Capital One will become the fifth-largest depository institution and the leading direct bank in the United States, the US bank said in a statement.
206	After the election outcome, a debate kicked off in Delhi on the path to pursue between what scholar Avinash Paliwal has called the ‘partisans’ and ‘conciliators’.
207	After the family brought the case to the EU's top court, ECJ Advocate General Paolo Mengozzi called on the judiciary last month to compel Belgium to accept the applicants.
208	"After the fires and after dad passed away I suppose we didn't want to let what he'd built up over his lifetime — he started when he was probably 18 — we didn't want to let that crash and burn," he said.
209	After the first execution on Jan.
210	After the gradual demise of old and gold, the industry has never got any suitable replacement.
211	After the screening, there is an appeals panel to review the cases of those who feel aggrieved with the outcome of the screening committees assignment.
212	After they're sworn in, Merkins and Miller will go through a training process that will involve some job shadowing and mentor judges, but before long, they'll be on their own.
213	After three consecutive blowout games (though with different winners), the Thunderbirds closed out the four-game set in dramatic fashion.
214	After three years as a paratrooper, he was honorably discharged and returned to civilian life.
215	After two days of lull, retaliations began in Gujarat.
216	After visiting a park, President Ilham Aliyev met representatives of Ganja public.
217	“After we talked to a lot of the local people, and they remembered how fabulous Ryan’s Berry Farm was … we wanted to bring that back for families.”
218	After years of small plates designed for sharing, it looks like large plates designed for sharing are the new rage.
219	A full page (7.88”W x 9.88”H), color advertisement on the inside front cover of the awards magazine and in the digital edition.
220	A fun, hopping downtown with plenty to do and places to live will attract educated young professionals, Fluhr said.
221	A fusion of two of the most controversial stories by noted writers Saadat Hasan Manto and Ismat Chughtai, who were friends in real life and facing judicial scrutiny at the same time for their seminal works, were honoured together by HND Pictures.
222	Again in the early stages of planning, we will be also applying for funds to upgrade and revitalise our Institute.
223	Again, it was Ethan Whiteman in the 30-39 years category who took out the male title in 16:25, bettering his 2017 win by nearly a minute.
224	Again, one of those things that just happened.
225	Against this background economic development must go beyond the thinking of a GDP growth centric policy.
226	Again, to get that many you’d need to buy multiple smaller packs from supermarkets - Tesco’s deals work out at 25p a nappy, while Asda and Morrisons costs 15.6p a nappy.
227	Agave Maria is open from 11 a.m. to 11 p.m.
228	Ages 3 years through fifth grade.
229	A Gift to our Community - ABOUT.
230	AG Jeff Sessions announced a new prescription interdiction & litigation task force on Tuesday.
231	Agnetha, Benny, Björn and Anni-Frid are getting back together to create yet more catchy pop tunes and, if you prefer their old hits, there’s an upcoming sequel to Mamma Mia! in which Pierce Brosnan will once again attempt to croak out some ABBA classics.
232	A good grinder grinds caffeine legumes successfully and regularly to guarantee even extraction.
233	A government loss also could prompt it to shy away from future lawsuits against vertical mergers, which combine companies that operate at different rungs of the same industry ladder.
234	A government seen as too inept to serve the people or which steals from the people, or is seen to have ‘stolen’ power through rigging the elections leaves it weak in the face of the insurgency.
235	A government spokesman could not be immediately reached for comment.
236	A government that has so much to account for.
237	A great 4x400m victory accompanied by a relatively poor Blackheath run could still have swung it in Southampton's favour, but it wasn't to be.
238	A great day was had by all including a wonderful lunch of barbecued hot dogs, ham, ribs and cake.
239	A group of 70 faith leaders and academics have urged the government not to lift a 50% cap on admitting children due to religion.
240	A group of moms in Mt. Juliet came together again Friday to give 16 school resource officers across Wilson County $20 gift certificates.
241	A gun raffle will also be held and costs $10 to participate.
242	Ah and that's my personal opinion.
243	Ahead of the elections on June 7, 2015 the CHP took a significant step by releasing a report outlining the party’s policy.
244	A hearing will be scheduled and a judge will decide the matter.
245	“A high proportion of drugs in the overall healthcare system reveals the main problem and we have to decrease it with transparent ways not with mechanic restrictions,” said Minister Sergeenko.
246	A him – what advice can a man give a woman on how to be a good mother.
247	Ahmad’s encounter inspired me to reflect on whether we as humans can recognise the higher dimensions of beauty without Allah.
248	A huge cold front has hit the Western Cape, with significant rainfall experienced throughout the Western Cape.
249	A hunger strike by asylum seekers on the Pacific island of Nauru has entered a fifth day, weeks after Australia re-opened its processing camp there.
250	Aidi also described two other tweets as misleading.
251	A. I didn’t start playing guitar until I was 14, but I was singing when I was 3. I started singing in church with my granddaddy.
252	AIFMD is wide reaching covering all possible strategies and legal forms and, as such, encompasses conventional “trading” funds (trading equity, options, derivatives and such like) to alternative assets classes such as real estate and private equity.
253	Air and artillery strikes by the US and its allies inflicted devastating loss of life on civilians in the Isis-held city of Raqqa, according to an Amnesty International report.
254	AIS has partnered with Enterpriseroom, a transformation consultancy specializing in starting, sustaining, and accelerating enterprises, to drive the sourcing and selection process.
255	A: I was born and raised in a small town in northeast Iowa – Protivin.
256	Ajay Devgan becomes terrorist after gangster now.
257	AJEX archivist Martin Sugarman is searching for information about a grave at Streatham Jewish cemetery, in London.
258	A joint statement released Thursday by the British, French and German governments expressed concerns over what they see as Iran's refusal to comply with its international obligations.
259	A jubilant-sounding President Donald Trump declared Wednesday that his “deal” with Kim Jong Un has ended the North Korean nuclear threat, as his top diplomat said he hoped to see “major disarmament” of the country by 2020.
260	A judge has given a Houston-area school district permission to exhume the remains of what historians believe were nearly 100 imprisoned African-Americans buried in unmarked graves when they died more than a century.
261	Akamai Learning: Want to own a home base job?
262	Akers and Thomas Wellman were tied with both receiving 114 votes for a four-year term on the Grayling City Council on?
263	Akers is a consistent hitter for the Tigers as she will keep the balls flying for the rest of the season.
264	A key factor in helping her come to terms with the story was a by a Persian poet named Rumi.
265	A Kiev municipal election took place in May of this year.
266	Aki said he appreciated the learning experience offered through the Bamboo Bend Project.
267	A labor has interest in looking after its constituents; the teachers.
268	Alahednews:: Canada Elects Son of Late Trudeau as New PMenglish.
269	Alan Johnson is Senior Research Fellow at BICOM, and Editor of Fathom.
270	Alan Jones has been sued by a government scientist of almost four decades' service after the broadcaster accused him of doctoring a report on a wind farm.
271	Alan Klinck, Thomas Rosenberger, Baylen Unger, Dawson Green and Janine Nel will represent OHS in Edmonton as well.
272	Alan Ortbals is president and publisher of the Illinois Business Journal.
273	A large number of children in the country are being wasted, occasioned by poor nutrition.
274	Alarmed, Leonard walked around the corner to the receiving area only to discover huge plumes of billowing black smoke.
275	Alas, the only proof of such a union was an Instagram pic of Johnson backstage at a Coldplay concert in Argentina in November.
276	Alas, what they do not realize is that the working folks of today are essentially just like the working folks from days gone by, just a newer generation of them, and neither their needs nor the rights that they deserve will ever go out of style.
277	Alex Safford chalked up a goal, two ground balls, and a team-best three ground balls.
278	Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland will be presented by the Chapterhouse Theatre Company and based on the characters and story of the classic Lewis Carroll novel.
279	Alice Springs Town Council last night approved new street names proposed for the Mt John subdivision, two of them being Arrernte words honouring past traditional owners of the area.
280	A lifeboat crew had been called out following reports that an object had been spotted floating in the sea.
281	Allah has give.
282	All around the hall, people paused for eerie photo shoots; posing, smartphone in hand, as the cameras above snapped their picture and replicated it on the ground.
283	All blocks on this trail and their corresponding story will be posted on the Committee’s website and featured in the trail’s brochure.
284	All by Iris Schneider.
285	“All cosmonauts feel normal,” the Central Ground Control Mission told Itar-Tass.
286	All countries have set their inflation targets in the low single digits.
287	All covered up!
288	“Allegations of sexual misconduct were made a year ago, but they were made anonymously in emails and blog posts, so we couldn’t investigate and act on them,” Anderson’s statement read.
289	All eight girls lettered this season and return next year.”
290	Allen was mostly controversy-free last season, but his career did end on a downer: he missed the would-be winner in regulation against in that epic Elite Eight game.
291	All family and friends are invited to share in memories and stories during a potluck luncheon at 3 p.m. at the Fall River Veteran’s Hall.
292	All four of his touchdowns came within the 10 yard line, and the defense seemed to part on each one of those scores.
293	All four singers bring fine voices, clear diction and vivid acting to the proceedings, but in the compact space, with surprisingly lively acoustics, they need to dial back their fortissimos.
294	Allies of former president have also been arrested as part of 'Operation Restore Legacy' that saw Mugabe quit his post.
295	All in all, maybe their kitchen does a much better job with the meat dishes, but if you are vegetarian avoid this place.
296	Allisten Foster had two hits and Olivia Bowser had a double.
297	All it takes is half an hour, a few snowballs, and a couple snowbank dumpings (and only a few of those were mine).
298	All mail on Friday and Saturday was routed through Fargo before coming back to Devils Lake to be distributed.
299	All news and opinion is subject to editing.
300	All of a sudden it altered the trajectory of the band, and every festival wanted Twister Sister.
301	"All of the advice from experts and other levels of government suggest we need to be cognisant about the effects of climate change when planning for the future,'' he said.
302	All of them are essentially long established mutations of Pinot Noir.
303	All of the rooms now have minibars where previously these were only available in the deluxe rooms and suites.
304	All of this is about a disaster or emergency with a large flight animal, a situation that comes with lots of energy, anxiety, fear and risk for you, your animal and the people who have come to help.
305	All of this poses a particular dilemma for the Caribbean which has issues of its own that it hopes to address with the US at and in the margins of the summit.
306	All of us in the ensemble are “peopling” New York City.
307	All of which … works out pretty well for both sides.
308	All our married life I have witnessed her tackling the holiday.
309	Allow cook until the sauce is thick.
310	Allowing a third gender option would open doors to a portion of the population that has never before been granted these inalienable rights.
311	All pleasantries aside, is, after all, a teen fantasy with all those sappy elements that make teen girls cry and swoon.
312	All recommended by Owner Marcel Link.
313	All sales are pre-event, no tickets will be sold at the door.
314	"All students are considered in the same pool for all places in the incoming class, regardless of citizenship or the school they attend."
315	All students must have 270 hours plus of practicum training.
316	“All the elders, their first language is not English.
317	All the recent events (e.g. the Occupy movement) were mostly inspired and prompted by or through Facebook.
318	All these outlined symbols, with a synonymous characteristic of unpopularity amongst their own people, were raised to put things right through warnings and actions.
319	All the seven ad agencies were up in arms as each of them may have spent Rs.
320	All the signs of a further human rights catastrophe are present in the region.'
321	All the time handle it up!
322	All those contests take place at the MTS Iceplex.
323	All tickets are general admission priced at $25 in advance and $30 at the gate for adults.
324	All varieties of Girl Scout Cookies are zero trans fat per serving and the price for a box of cookies is still only $3.
325	All vendors, products and services, who wish to do business with oil and gas sector shall be registered at Business Gateway International (BGI).
326	All we have to do is go outside and look.
327	“Almost 100 years ago, Tesla lost this property to foreclosure.
328	Almost 300,000 Israelis were on the dole, while some 300,000 migrants were sending most of their earnings out of the economy.
329	Almost 70 percent of students enrolled last fall were female, according to SouthArk’s 2016-2017 Fact Book.
330	Almost always this "balance" concept has amounted to one small group, usually under HR, spewing some remarks, holding some meetings, to make it seem like the company takes the issue seriously, but in the end, nothing comes of it.
331	Almost everyone was surprised to hear he had died by suicide (not committed suicide) because he had never confided to anyone that he struggled with depression.
332	Almost every researcher will acquire a few antique family photos.
333	Almost immediately after passing through the gate tall shady trees and ubiquitous baboons welcome visitors to the park.
334	Almost immediately gamers on the websites like 4chan and Reddit began harassing Quinn, and attacking her character.
335	A local bishop was quoted as saying he and.
336	A local man has received a conditional sentence after pleading guilty to unlawfully being in a home.
337	A local merchant was so upset he announced he is leaving Oakland as the Mayor will not do anything to protect people as long as the criminals are anti-Trump.
338	A longer viewing will start to reveal even more about the image — Numerology, chakras, the Muslim man in the moon, the energy, Christ, monotheism, polytheism and Sanskrit symbols with beautiful mantras — all equaling one thing: coexistence.
339	Alongside the bond issue, Vrio’s Brazilian subsidiary, Sky, will raise R$1bn ($305m) of bank loans to be distributed to AT&T and a minority subsidiary in Sky.
340	Alongside the great emphasis the Torah and our Rabbis placed on Tzedakah I believe there is another important idea that our tradition stresses that makes giving easier.
341	Along with Hartley, U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder was also in Paris at a security summit on thwarting terrorism.
342	Along with three great-grandchildren, Kaitlin Sorrells, Tyler Edenshaw and Dylan Simpson, and brother, Bernie terHorst.
343	Along with your sun tan lotion, bathing suit and digital camera, you pack a small English/Spanish dictionary filled with useful phrases that might come in handy during your stay.
344	Alonso said: “We are growing, especially in the section of quality and luxury.
345	A lot more value.
346	"A lot of school districts took on smaller entities," Sadler said.
347	A lot of these subjects will overlap and as the classes progress, attendees should be able to start to see how all these pieces fit together and interrelate.
348	A lot of times in the past we’d send agencies hard copies, and they would just sit on somebody’s desk until the deadline would lapse.
349	A lot of work is needed before much can be achieved in this area.
350	A lot of young players are stepping up and getting the job done right now.”
351	Alpine Animal Hospital was nice enough to squeeze them in right away and was able to remove the bone with a minor surgery.
352	Alpine will support it.
353	Also, don’t miss Oliveto’s famous annual truffle dinners, November 16–19.
354	Also, focus on reigniting or developing a base of friends who are supportive and whose company you enjoy.
355	Also leaving the Rockies are Dondre Watson and Alan MacPherson, who both advanced to Junior A leagues in Alberta.
356	Also, most of these countries are either in the Middle East or Nothern Africa.
357	Also, nothing succeeds like a small business loan program.
358	Also on April 3, the council voted unanimously to accept a bid from DNL Cleaning to clean the new town hall one day a week for $40.
359	Also on display is the museum’s own collection of crèches, including a hand-carved cedar Nativity scene from Mexico, three Polish szopki and a 120-square-foot Baroque Neapolitan diorama.
360	Also, Russian hackers reportedly state election systems in Arizona and Illinois.
361	Also, shoes were now a necessity before going outside.
362	Also, some 4 million fewer people would be covered in 2019, the first year the change would take effect,CBO estimated.
363	Also, the illegal trade of primates as pets and primate body parts as well as anthropogenic diseases and climate change directly affects primates’ survival.
364	Also, the Stanbic IBTC group improved its cost-to-income ratio to 49%, from 55% in 2016, which better aligns with the best-performing banks in Nigeria.
365	Also this week — on Friday — is the second Third Friday in Galion event in Historic Uptown Galion.
366	Also to enjoy your stay in Lagos Nigeria here are some you may choose to visit.
367	Also, we granted the money to Rushford Village to replace the flooring in their village hall after the flood.”
368	Also, within that same afternoon, I heard from another resident along with her family had already been renovicted out of their home in the Kuldo apartments last December.
369	Alter Rubin left Romania for England and spent time in Manchester before sailing to New York in May 1911.
370	Although both Taipei and Beijing view the island as part of China, neither government recognizes the legitimacy of the opposing side.
371	Although bus service is reduced somewhat on Sundays, and the earliest Sunday Batty Brothers service to Belize City from San Ignacio is at noon, Novelo does have early Sunday morning service, originating at Benque Viejo near the Guatemala border.
372	Although green grass and beautiful buildings were turned into piles of ash, hope is not to be lost.
373	Although I didn’t pass my battle, I know I made it far!
374	Although, I have never been to Israel, I would like to think the poppies stand for the people of the land—standing tall as individuals with infinite power from unity.”
375	Although not “training” per say, the Wingman culture should have that same affect.
376	Although suffering from long-term sanctions, abundant mineral resources have enabled the country to keep up industrial output.
377	Although these are opportunities, they present hidden challenges, as most of them end up losing their product’s IP, get convinced into selling their prototype for a song or their initiatives get "stolen" by the accelerators or hubs in the host countries.
378	Although they still have a long way to go, the Obama Library Community Benefits Coalition is travelling down the path described in an old organizer’s adage: first they ignore you, then they ridicule you, then they attack you, then you win.
379	Although today's paints are …
380	Although with their long-winded order I wonder just how much of the blame rested on the “places.”
381	Amabhungane has revealed the saga started in 2016 when Mthiyane appointed a security company, whose director Barney Mpanza, was a close friend.
382	A man was arrested late on Sunday near Pyla after police fired shots at his car in an attempt to stop him from escaping.
383	A Marine yells orders to his squad members during an Integrated Training Exercise.
384	A mature native tree that’s not surrounded by turf needs one or two deep waterings a summer, so it pays to research what kind you have.
385	Ambassador Mark Espat, who was part of the negotiating team simplified what the new terms of the Bond will be.
386	Amber Repp, daughter of Dan and Stacy Repp of Valley Center, signed to play soccer at Hesston College.
387	A MEDICINAL cannabis research plant is reported to be on its way to Donegal early next year, along with the creation of over 50 jobs.
388	“A mental health professional may be able to come back with something it seems he’s been crying out for years.
389	"America is stronger and better when we have each other's back, and we have each other's back in Nashville."
390	"American farmers and ranchers exported $1.6 billion in goods to Vietnam in 2012, a number that is expected to increase.
391	American firms were eager to work on the projects, he said.
392	Americans have made it clear they hate this war and Democrats need to provide the leadership to end it.
393	American Society of Civil Engineers, Cleveland, received $2,500 for its Green Infrastructure Engineering Club at Orchard STEM School, in the city’s Ohio City neighborhood.
394	American troops looked out toward the border with Turkey from a small outpost near the town of Manbij, northern Syria, in February.
395	America's intent is to use the protest movement to install a new regime.
396	America’s tragedy is mourned this day throughout the world, too.
397	America's view of Russia's leadership is caustic, whatever platitudes are mouthed in public.
398	Amir Khan set up boozy love tryst hours after loyalty pledge to pregnant wife on TV claims modelSandy Hunter has said the love cheat boxer was bombarding her with racy texts just hours after he gushed about his changed ways on Good Morning Britain.
399	Among tens of thousands of bones, researchers uncovered the remains of human skulls that were stripped of their flesh and carved with deep, straight grooves running front to back.
400	Among the baptized, many are deeply disoriented and wounded by what Saint Augustine calls, by turns, the flattery of the world or its threats.
401	Among the most influential and inspiring Native figures who came to Crestone each summer to work with the young people was Chief Arvol Looking Horse.
402	Among the position players, if third baseman can continue to perform, there are no obvious holes from a positional standpoint.
403	Among the protesters are more than a hundred Lumad evacuees from Mindanao, whose call is for Martial Law to be lifted and for the militarization of their land to stop.
404	Among these were the vintage ‘Ponmani’ by Dharmasena Pathiraja and the more recent ‘Ini Avan’ by Asoka Handagama and ‘With you, Without you’ by Prasanna Vithanage.
405	Among those few hundred, a small minority are flagged "Bib Gourmand" because Michelin's inspectors considered them good values for what they delivered.
406	“A Monster the Size of the Sun” includes a wide variety of subjects that challenge conventional themes such as war, violence and pain.
407	“A more traditional park-and-ride service might be more realistic in the shorter term, but we also want to look at what might be achievable further down the track.”
408	A morning performance and workshop on the lawn of the Flint Youth Theater.
409	A motivated partner in Huawei is Amazon’s best shot at luring more mobile sales onto Bezos Beach.
410	Amselle contends that the Mande Charter actually predates the Magna Carta, adding that that most scholars familiar with the subject agree that Mande Charter is either contemporary to or predates the English document.
411	“An aircraft, if it crashes, it’s pretty much written off.
412	An air mass laden with Saharan dust is settling over the region, this will reduce the chances of precipitation during the forecast period.
413	Analysts estimate that 75 million or more customers have Prime subscriptions worldwide, including about half of all households in the United States.
414	Analysts on the call challenged Sims for maintaining the same strategy despite an abrupt change in CEO.
415	Analysts said IHH Healthcare's proposed expansion plan would tap into higher spending power in larger cities in northern India compared to southern part of the world's second-most populous country.
416	An Amarillo 7-year-old started off his summer break turning lemons into lemonade - and then into pizza.
417	An analyst with the company said “it took the end of summer for a drop in retail gasoline prices,” but he’s sure motorists won’t complain.
418	An appeals court has ruled in favor of a decision by former Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger to furlough about 15,000 employees of elected statewide officers during the height of California's budget crisis.
419	An appropriate resolution for our uncertain times is to get serious about saving money for your future.
420	An artists rendering of the Fillmore Aquatics & Tennis Facility.
421	A NASA-led research campaign called SnowEx kicked off in Colorado in February.
422	Ana's face is incredibly expressive and she uses her body to great comic effect in many scenes.
423	An Asian fashion show, taiko drummers, martial-arts displays and showcases of Japanese pop culture all come together for a distinctive week celebrating one of the city’s most vibrant communities.
424	An assessor from the hotly-contested Tidy Towns Awards will be casting a keen eye over the city and some of its attractions today.
425	An associate is awaiting trial on a similar set of allegations.
426	A native of L.A., Rich broke in at the Daily Breeze as a college freshman and also has covered USC, the Kings, the Lakers and the Dodgers.
427	ANC presidential hopeful Lindiwe Sisulu has warned African National Congress branches against the buying of votes.
428	And 14-year-old Ayana Lopez, who attended the party, went missing until the following Monday, when she showed up safe and sound.
429	And after Ryan ten Doeschate won the toss and chose to bat first, it was Nick Browne and Aron Nijjar who opened the batting for Essex.
430	And after serving as President of Syria for the past fifteen years, Bashar al-Assad ostensibly knows a thing or two about what absolute power is.
431	And also the success they had at times measures a person’s will and determination against many odds to create something that works.
432	And although the mutations that can occur in viruses over time can pose a problem, the goal of vaccine developers is to try and target a part of the virus that tends to not change, he said.
433	And Barratt already has good vibes from Blues’ coaching team.
434	And because he prevailed, there was a document that was declassified, in which a wonderful NSA historian named Lou Benson about the recruitment of a number of schoolteachers to work on it.
435	And because we fight with the truth, we are very quick to admit our errors, our mistakes, our wrongs and without hesitation acknowledge them and apologise.
436	And bodies continue to be found.
437	And bonded by Shiite Islam, Iran and Iraq have grown closer in the realms of government and security since the overthrow of Sunni leader Saddam Hussein in the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq.
438	And certainly parents make mistakes.
439	And don’t forget the crazy traffic lights in Kingstown and many charges of abuse of office and law breaking by elected officials.
440	And do you really believe that African Americans are going to turn out for a Hillary who used racial division to win?
441	ANDERSON – Charles, Donald and all the family of the late Flora Anderson would like to thank everyone for their kind expressions of sympathy, cards, flowers, visits and phone calls following their sad loss.
442	Anderson worked at Savannah River Site from 1981 to 1998.
443	And fans … this is the first time in the state tournament for Calhoun and the only time for Milan, Ind. Both fan bases are rabid and buzzing.
444	And few will forget the 45 minutes Stephen Hawking spent in the Magma Centre on Tuesday.
445	And folks who didn't start saving as young adults may need to stash anywhere from 35 percent to 50 percent annually if they realistically expect to retire early.
446	And for something a bit newer with a kitsch kick, why not give a go?
447	And for this I proudly say, thank you, Sir Arthur and Derek, for teaching us about life, love and other things we take for granted.
448	And having 329 companies in the country who meet that requirement just means that they have the ability to work internationally, and that’s what we have to do.
449	And he also argued that 98 precent of the population had access to a DPS office within 25 miles.
450	And he explains that the Dromore side had switched their full focus to the cup since January.
451	And he looked like a pedler just opening his pack.
452	And here – if you have managed to read this far – I want to tell you about a very good source, if you want to get the facts right.
453	And here’s an empty bottle of wine sitting on a cop car.
454	And he's launched a fellowship program for young African leaders that received more than 50,000 applications for 500 slots this year.
455	And Hindi imposing Union government hates this state of affairs.
456	And Hortsch before him.
457	"And I also heard a lot of good things about it."
458	And I am not surprised to know Felix is power hungry.
459	And I feel totally okay with that.”
460	And if he has lasted this long throughout the fads of the day then bands like us will be alright, as long as we focus on our shit.
461	And if the kids are at home, these places are great for silencing the “I’m bored” remarks.
462	And if you can't seem to understand that very close friends involve in that process is dangerous then we already have a problem on our hands.
463	And if you squint, you can see a tiny white speck high above.
464	And if you want to manage one of India’s MNCs, you must aim for the Indian Institute of Management or IIMs.
465	And, I have no doubt in my mind that even if the people threatening to leave, leave, it will have absolutely no impact on the presidential elections; the president will win Sokoto, Kwara and Adamawa easily,” the governor said.
466	And I know what happened to them.
467	“And I’m like, ‘You’re not here because of a scholarship.
468	And important to me, all of this has been financed without a diocesan-wide capital campaign, but rather through your donations to CASA over the past 10 years.
469	And in 2020, Minnesotans have the right to decide whether to retain or punish Franken.
470	And in a situation unique to Canada, the company recommended Toyota Venza owners take out any Toyota-brand drivers’-side all-weather floor mats.
471	And in the US, according to the Federal Reserve they estimate, a staggering $184bn is lent from the Bank of Family & Friends every year.
472	And it certainly wasn’t the present ownership.
473	And it does not account for Italy's weak economic growth rate, which consistently falls short of the eurozone average in good times and bad.
474	And it is also true that lots of these pubs have seen better days and are struggling to draw people in. Many of them need a good lick of paint and a decent air freshener, frankly.
475	And it’s happening in Delta.”
476	And it was a big exclusive by Mike McAlary.
477	And it would potentially allow the 54-year-old Mr. Nkurunziza, who has been in power in the East African country since 2005, to stand for two seven-year terms after his current five-year one expires in 2020.
478	And I’ve been up there ever since.”
479	And, just in case there was any doubt about his position, he was “devastated and distressed” when Brexit became a reality.
480	And Key is now working toward an e-filing system for the Criminal Court system that presents some different challenges than those in Circuit or Chancery, which are civil courts.
481	And local residents are also lending a hand, Rich said.
482	And maybe folks like Price and Merrill will be, instead.
483	And maybe that’s why this appears to be catching on outside of the realm of internet meme-dom.
484	And most commentators agree with them: We have all noticed now that the pressures of globalization and technology are splitting advanced Western economies into underclass and overclass, and that this rift scrambles the cards politically.
485	And now a list by Babbel.com has confirmed what we’ve defensively been telling our overseas relatives all these years, along with: “Well, everyone speaks such good English” and “Nobody gives us a chance to practise.”
486	And now I have more proof.
487	“And number two, I consider it a win because of the improvement we showed from the first time we played them.
488	And, of course, anything you order will be served with bread.
489	And, of course, it draws attention at the same time.
490	And one mistake shouldn’t negate this work for him or anyone else.
491	And one other thing: on the Rohingya issue, there seemed to be a willingness to intervene even from the part of jihadist groups, al Qaeda, ISIS, who are seeking to become supporters of this people.
492	And on offense, their best three scorers played up to par, with junior post Jaisa Nunn leading the way with a team-high 28 points on 11-for-15 from the field.
493	And out of control, as in the crazy, wild, and inconsistent final product he put on the field in scarlet and cream, at times something close to yet at others something far less than championship football.
494	And people were offering free places to stay for people who kind of got stuck somewhere because the transport was shut down.
495	And Putro certainly is a great song writer… in Finnish.
496	Andrea: I’ve been with the Community Benefit District, at first very part time, since about 2008.
497	Andrésol had been the head of the PNH from 2006 to 2012 with two 3 year mandate renewed in 2009.
498	Andrew Langdale’s business history is as impressive as it is varied.
499	And setting up weekly meetings–well maybe not weekly–but definitely twice a month, something like that with the parking people so that we can voice our concerns and create an SGA parking committee.
500	And shadows will fall behind you.”
501	And she produced a New York state driver’s license to confirm her identity.
502	And since my Mindful Bard recommendation this week discusses the way Negro spirituals and protest songs…
503	And so I just said to him, "Sir-- certainly, sir."
504	And so it’s hard to know if the population is down or if they’re flying over the top, but I think most people are suspecting they’re migrating on and they’re not staying long, they’re moving on north.”
505	And some jobs require highly skilled professionals that would be difficult to find in Vietnam.
506	And some local organizations and individuals are collecting water to deliver the impacted counties.
507	“And so there needs to be, I think, an authentic, free, but public way of sharing the pivotal role that we play in this country.
508	“And so they’re not getting the attention… It’s kind of like a funeral,” she continued.
509	And speaking of calendars, recurring events mean you won’t have to constantly reinvent the wheel.
510	And speaking of Trump, let’s take a look at what’s going on with the Netanyahu family, the first family not only of Israel but of the Jewish people.
511	And that idea took getting the deed restrictions removed, and the developers want to construct 44, plus or minus, affordable housing units, where there will be property tax paid to the city.”
512	And that is just how his family remembers him.
513	And that's just daft.
514	And that’s not going to change.
515	And the delegation has advised Western donors to spend more money on strengthening African parliaments to ensure that they hold governments accountable in the use of aid.
516	And the Grangers were shut out in their first three games of the season.
517	And the lie of Mchenga and his friends has not yet dried because Bulaya is still in jail against their advice.
518	And the most-anticipated candidates — including Democratic U.S. Rep. Ed Perlmutter — have not yet officially entered the contest.
519	And then there are those nuclear weapons.
520	And then watching season one, he changed his entire view of homosexuality, and that he would no longer be preaching the type of hate he had preached in his church, and he would now be preaching love and acceptance.
521	And then when she would have a blood transfusion to bring her counts back up, then the life would literally come back.
522	And there is always something more to discover.
523	And there is no shortage of recycling bins and skips across various car parks in the district.
524	And, they did it in record-setting style.
525	"And they let us know they could see clear damage, on our roof especially," Miller remembers.
526	“And they want to quit.
527	And they will write his name in their hearts as we have done it today.
528	And this appears to be as much the case for jatropha, as for other crops, despite the claim that it grows on non-agricultural land.
529	And this idea of the American dream, American dream is the most powerful brand on earth.
530	And though Green has admitted he has not played as strongly as when he won the NBA’s Defensive Player of the Year award last season, his presence often sparks the team’s defensive intensity.
531	And today, we find ourselves in a place where earlier solutions are no longer applicable too — even if they were still available — given the amount of blood, rancour, destruction or meltdown.
532	“And to know that she’s got her high school years ahead of her – a lot of the athletes that came in ahead of her, I don’t think she’ll be running against in the years to come.”
533	And Turkey's state crimes had nothing to do with militias either.
534	And we get you don't like Trump.
535	And we have House members that are looking to move up and move onward," Dempsey said.
536	"And we'll see some good golfers, there is a lot of talent in this field."
537	And we moved from 1994 with 11,000 people voting for the UPP to 1999, 14,000 and then the real campaign between 1999 and 2004 and by then the tipping point had been reached and we achieved 21,000 votes,” Lovell said on local radio Monday.
538	And we understand what was fueling the life and the ambition and the goals of those young people in the Europe of 19th century.
539	And we were in their world, but when you realise how gentle and how human they are, that fear just slipped away.”
540	And what are you looking for in terms of volunteers?
541	And when Davis wasn’t devastating the Blazers, Jrue Holiday was giving Portland fits with explosive drives or pull-up jumpers.
542	And when you do watch, ask questions: What are some other ways you might try to sell that product?
543	And while a 2012 guideline recommended administrators limit themselves to spending $52 per day on meals, expenses claimed by managers were often higher.
544	And while children were marching for peace in the city - the killing continued, this time in the capital.
545	And while her experience speaks volumes, Jenifer loves being involved in the community.
546	And while the police are fighting crime of all levels on the streets, on some occasions officers can also become brutal in keeping the peace.
547	And while the shooting sprees may seem rampant, questions are raised about the police department's ability to effectively handle the murder caseload.
548	And yes, it can be a prickly friend at times, and a bit stubborn as well.
549	And yet, in spite of all this, German columnist Michael Bittner was only partly right when he wrote recently that "Jews in Germany are trapped between false friends and real enemies."
550	Andy Murray is returning home after pulling out of the Australian Open tennis grand slam, and may yet need surgery on his hip which has bothered him since Wimbledon last year.
551	Andy Oliver’s century was in vain as Kidlington 2nd lost by five wickets at East & West Hendred 2nd.
552	And you will not be able to undo it in Canada.
553	An earlier special election in Southern California had a turnout under 10 percent.
554	An Egyptian lawyer has launched a €1 billion (£873m/$1.2bn) lawsuit against Sergio Ramos after Liverpool…
555	A neighbor who lives in the neighborhood is upset because SWAT damaged the garage door on her home during the standoff with Spirig.
556	An elected judiciary is not independent.
557	An email will also be sent with a temporary password and a link to complete your Print Subscription Activation.
558	An emergency services official at the scene told reporters at least 10 people had died and several were wounded.
559	An Emerson vendor reported to ECPD that they were assaulted by a co-worker.
560	A new FNM government will work hard to bring investment, jobs and economic opportunity to Exuma.
561	A new leak of documents show how the offshore financial system is entangled with the overlapping worlds of political players, private wealth and corporate giants.
562	A new report from the Swedish Union of Tenants (Hyresgästföreningen) shows that 8,600 young people between the age of 20 and 27 in Malmö and Lund are forced to continue living at home with their parents.
563	A new study released this week found that nearly half of Americans can’t afford the basics of life, including rent and food.
564	An example of USB key authentication would be the YubiKey.
565	An exploding boat full of asylum seekers must have seemed like a godsend for leader…
566	Angelina, Kate Hudson, Sandra Bullock and Meryl Streep were just a few of those lucky ones who made it onto the best-dressed lists.
567	Anglers interested in fishing the stream must submit an application form and a nonrefundable $3 application fee by Friday, March 31, in order to be eligible for the random drawing.
568	Animal Emergency and Specialty Center Hospital administrator, Dr. Dennis Wilson, says that the facility was able to confirm 10 positive cases on Monday.
569	An immigration officer who demanded that a Vietnamese immigrant pick up hundreds of egg rolls and deliver them for an office party will stand trial later this year on bribery charges.
570	An independent agency has evaluated the products as being worth some VND29.6 billion, or US$1.42 million, Mai said.
571	An integral and beneficial piece to the Wine Festival experience is our Buyer’s Club program.
572	Aniston Denckla’s 10 points led the Falcons.
573	Anna Banks and Beth Paton also found the net.
574	Anna enjoyed the simple things in life, such as a good game of bingo, doing a craft or just spending quality time with her family and friends.
575	Ano expressed alarm over the consolidated report of PDEA that out of 42,036 barangays in the country, 32.3 percent or 6,744 barangays are moderately affected, while the remaining one percent or 208 barangays are seriously affected by the drug menace.
576	An official press release from the Government says, “Prime Minister…Barrow… received President Elect…Jimmy Morales… In a cordial atmosphere, they both congratulated each other for their respective recent victories at the polls.
577	A Nollywood performing artist, Kanayo O Kanayo, has proclaimed his goal to speak to his locale at the Federal House of Representatives.
578	“A non-tropical storm will sweep in prior to the end of the week and should create a more hostile atmosphere for strengthening,” said AccuWeather Hurricane Expert Dan Kottlowski.
579	Another allegedly happened at Edwards’ home, where she had gone to watch a movie with another girl.
580	Another approach is to use proactive sharing and listening circles to start each day.
581	Another cold, windy day pretty much guaranteed a dearth of volunteers and visitors walking dogs outside today.
582	Another collaboration agreement was signed between the news agencies Prensa Latina and Vietnamese VNA.
583	Another contention in the bill is that it requires HIV infected individuals to inform their sexual partners of their HIV positive status if they have tested.
584	Another dilution of the minimum wage increase was approved last week, with the National Assembly adjusting minimum wage requirements to accommodate bonuses and benefits, allowing these to be towards salary in certain situations.
585	Another important feature of 1801 Grille is the patio walls can be opened up during Carolina spring days or closed when the weather is not just right.
586	Another important reason for consumers to avoid purchasing these streaming devices is from an electrical safety point of view.
587	Another Japanese masterpiece.
588	Another man was shot after yelling ``coup plotter!'
589	Another new category of Goalkeeper of the Season has also been added to the awards.
590	Another one to have a tough day was Simon.
591	Another option is to make friends with another student who has one of these programs and wants to binge with you.
592	Another perk of this junior hot hatch is running costs – with a quoted fuel economy of 58.9 mpg.
593	Another Prime Minister, who had the requisite numbers in the upper House, was Lal Bahadur Shastri, who succeeded Nehru.
594	Another problem with JHMCS legacy helmets is the graphics on the display visor, which block the pilot’s ability to see through an overly bright image.
595	Another publication was invited to the event but declined to send a reporter after learning that Pruitt would not be taking questions.
596	Another reason for the push towards resilience is that many crises are slow onset and protracted and it’s not necessarily a humanitarian response first and then a development response.
597	Another related meaning, hammered home by the growing line of women accusing Harvey Weinstein with atrocious and criminal behavior, involves one victim speaking empowering other victims of the same predator to find their voice.
598	Another said it would be a “concern throughout GOP campaigns who use her polarizing status as a pillar of their attack ads.”
599	Another serious side effect of light pollution is wasted energy.
600	Another sign that an antibiotic might be needed is when a chesty cough isn’t getting better after 14 days.
601	Another translation suggests that Ahmadinejad actually said that Israel “must vanish from the page of time”.
602	Another vulnerable group is victims of domestic violence.
603	Another way SFI builds relationships is through the SFI Conservation and Community Partnerships Grant Program.
604	An outspoken member of the Nottoway School Board declined to participate in an evaluation of the Division Superintendent, citing concerns about the process and evaluation form.
605	An RBS spokesman said: “We have developed technology which means that customers of Royal Bank of Scotland can also now use NatWest branches for their everyday banking, such as withdrawing cash, checking balances or paying in (and vice versa).
606	Anthony Bourdain Showed Me The WorldAnthony Bourdain was a man who made me curious about the world and more empathetic to the people who inhabit it.
607	Anthony Williams scored three touchdowns and Hahnville rolled up 40 points or more for the fifth straight game as the Tigers romped to a 43-19 District 7-5A victory at H.L. Bourgeois Friday night.
608	Anti-referendum posters showing premier Matteo Renzi are seen in Rome a day after the referendum vote last week.
609	A number of free activities, including face painting, bounce houses, clowns, photo booths, education and community activities are planned.
610	A number of scoping meetings to decide the fate of the Missouri River for the next 30 to 50 years, took the forefront in the Northern Lights Community Center Monday in New Town.
611	A number of sectors were down slightly in May compared to April, including manufacturing, business and professional services, hospitality trades and trade, transportation and utilities.
612	An unstable bank collapsed when he and a friend, against parental warnings, snuck off to scout promising trout hot spots.
613	ANWOL’s past efforts at voter registration in jails have yielded positive results.
614	Anybody moved to suggest that ‘Murder of the Universe’ is the most indulgent of the 2017 releases to date might also have a point, by Mackenzie’s own admission.
615	Any inconvenience caused is deeply regretted.
616	Any judgment other than God’s may be susceptible to unfairness.
617	Anyone who eats roughly 2,000 calories per day should strive to consume between two to three cups of vegetables and two cups of fruit per day.
618	Anyone with information about this case is asked to contact the Santa Maria Police Department.
619	Anyone with information as to her whereabouts is…
620	Anyone with information can call troopers at 518-873-2750.
621	Anyone with information leading to an arrest in these cases should call the East Mississippi Crimestoppers at 855-485-TIPS.
622	Anyone with information on her whereabouts is asked to call police immediately at (575) 526-0795.
623	Anyone with information on the suspect is asked to call the FBI at 907-276-4441 or Anchorage police at 907-786-8900.
624	Any resolution has to come from within Fiji," he said.
625	Anything over that "popflation" plus 3% total is available for the Legislature to spend.
626	Anything that supports the villain by casting aspersions on this nice woman’s treasured grandfather couldn’t possibly be true.
627	Anytime you can find a song that does that, I think it’s something special.”
628	“Anytime you get animals on trucks, accidents happen,” said Salvador Baeza, owner of a Presidio stockyard on the same dirt road as Brito’s business.
629	Anyway, I noted it’s certainly a hefty little cash generator.
630	Anyway, the latest booting took place this week when longtime Rim Country resident Dean Shields got jackbooted in the shin.
631	Anyway, we here refuse just to sit and do nothing.
632	ANZCA welcomes this partnership which recognises our joint commitment to safety and quality in our specialty and improving patient safety," said Professor Scott.
633	A pair of Anchorage school keep 9/11 in their thoughts by staging a race.
634	A Pakistani soldier was also killed in exchange of fire and a total of 90 kilometers area has been cleared where military posts have been built up on the highest and craggiest top of mountain, Brekh Muhammad Kandao along Durand Line.
635	Apart from distorting history Mithal also exposes his lack of knowledge when he writes, "Banning conversion, like banning divorce, only compels individuals to live in a state they find irksome if not totally unbearable."
636	Apart from looting the resources of the state, he has also left a legacy of hatred among the various splinter-ethnic groups in the state.
637	Apart from training female preachers, 'Aisyiyah started out by setting up Muslim pre-schools (frobel) in 1919, the first prayer house (musholla) for women in 1922, and literacy courses for women.
638	A pastor from a church across the street came over to see what was happening.
639	A photograph by Darran Chaisson that will be featured in West Coast Wanderings at the Rollin Art Centre.
640	A place for studying, snacking, meeting or just hanging out, the café is the place to go.
641	A plant is built in Khachmaz to manufacture the pipe.
642	A police constable from Corozal Town is tonight facing the long arms of the law following a drug bust at the Northern Border yesterday afternoon.
643	A police department that is representative of the community matters, according to experts who study police-community relations.
644	A police dog found them.
645	A political observer has told me not to underestimate Tun M. The moment Najib announces to dissolve the Parliament, some of the Umno divisions might just take down the party signs overnight and replace them with those of Bersatu.
646	A political turmoil that officials first took as a fleeting annoyance when students protest in public universities of the Oromia Regional State gained traction on social media, it has since meant too many lives lost and properties damaged.
647	A portion of the Mississippi River in Almonte where the Enerdu Power Systems project will take place.
648	A potentially productive week for the Hennessey girls’ basketball team ended on a bad note.
649	Apparently, Alexa knows more than you might think.
650	Apparently there is a story that was invented by a highly skilled chef for a Nawab of Lucknow.
651	Apparently, they don’t believe a mother is capable of diagnosing a cold or flu, so you have to go buy an excused-slip from a medical professional.
652	Apparently when people disagree, it is commonplace anymore to believe any lie about the other person that comes up.
653	AP Photo/Steve Helber Democratic gubernatorial candidate Lieutenant Governor Ralph Northam, left, waves to the crowd as Governor Terry McAuliffe applauds during a rally in Richmond V irginia’s gubernatorial race is tightening.
654	Applications are not currently open for the next round of applications, however notice will be shared by MP Fraser’s office once they are open.
655	Apply with resume and cover letter explaining why a career with National Observer is right for you.
656	Appointment television who have but he mall used to illuminate but he's hoping appointment going to Poland he's not finished.
657	Approximately 12 pirates armed with AK-47 machine-guns and pistols attacked the tanker in broad daylight shortly after she had unloaded a cargo of diesel at El Ade port in the north of the Somali capital, Mogadishu.
658	Approximately seven shops sustained mass damage to its equipment and stock, as the heavy rains left parts of their shops drenched.
659	A preliminary autopsy report shows a Longview man who was found dead after a duplex fire had hemorrhaging on the interior of his neck.
660	A primary election will be held from 6 a.m. to 9 p.m. Thursday, Sept. 10, to determine if incumbent Town Supervisor Dave Hartzell or Councilman Pat Casilio Jr.
661	A private burial service will be held the following day in the Bane Cemetery, White Gate, VA.
662	A prominent Russian journalist and critic of President Vladimir Putin has been shot dead in Ukrai.
663	A proposal put forward by Kenya was strongly supported but failed to gain the two-thirds majority required.
664	A puck flung into the mid-section of defenseman Dan Girardi bounced right to the previously silent Andre Burakovsky, who gathered the puck and flicked a shot under Andrei Vasilevskiy’s right arm, the same place Alex Ovechkin beat him in the first period.
665	A Pyrex dish is used to capture the product.
666	Aran Armutlu, chairperson of the BCFS and former finance director for the DSU, said the Fairness for International Students campaign is currently in a “soft launch” for the summer but it will be in full swing by September.
667	Archbishop of Washington Cardinal Wuerl: ”As the Holy Father stood among us, we knew that Peter, the rock of our faith, was there”
668	Archer said the ECB was “most likely do another LTRO early in 2014, and we would certainly not rule out a move as soon as the December 5 meeting.”
669	Archivist at Gloucester Cathedral, Rebecca Phillips said: "It has been a pleasure to welcome Amy Jane into our historic library to undertake research into the history of our architecture.
670	Areas along U.S. 278 in Bluffton are covered in trash.
671	A reception will be held from 7 to 8 p.m. upstairs where refreshments will be served and Santa’s helper will make an appearance to read to the children.
672	Are Latin American YouTube stars just ‘vlogging’ a dead horse?
673	A report was be sent to Juvenile Court Prosecutor Bret Apple for menacing charges.
674	A resident of New York City, Whitehead has received a MacArthur Fellowship and a Guggenheim Fellowship.
675	A response to last year’s higher than normal property taxes, due to the McCleary education funding court order, the rebate will lower the state’s property taxes in 2018 only.
676	A restaurant headed up by a Stockton-born chef has landed a place in the top 100 in the UK.
677	Are there problems with the pitch already at Madejski Stadium?
678	Are there too many tourists to manage?
679	Are they buying into Isaias/PFDJ propaganda or recent history which showed them that that is a very potent get-into-jail-card Isaias has used?
680	A retired lieutenant colonel in the Alaska Air National Guard.
681	Are we really at the point where we deem candidates for high offices as unqualified because of the very things that make them qualified?
682	Are you all a bunch of closet cases?
683	Are you arguing that if, say Audi, advertised and sold a car here which had a dangerous defect that caused unintended accelleration resulting in horrible accidents, that Audi would have immunity because the DOT had not uncovered the problem?
684	Are you looking for something to do with your dog?
685	Arguably, the creation of Petro-Canada in 1973 was the best NDP idea the Trudeau Liberals ever gave in to – the Trudeau Liberals, that is.
686	A rising Coyote Creek led to new evacuations in San Jose late Tuesday.
687	Arjen Robben may be 34, but he remains the most dangerous creative player Bayern have.
688	ARLINGTON, VA - MAY 24: A soldier with the U.S. Army 3rd Infantry Regiment (The Old Guard) participate in a "Flags In" event May 24, 2018 at Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington, Virginia.
689	Armand Roland finds out from Pere Tanguy (John Sessions), the owner of the gallery Van Gogh sold his paintings to, that Theo — an art dealer — was so devastated by news of his brother’s death he passed away a few months later.
690	Armed with binoculars, spotting scopes, cameras and a knife, the team next visited Najafgarh — one of the nesting grounds of the black-necked stork, which thrives in a wetland.
691	Arms and other dangerous weapons are finding their way into the state, making it a hot bed for criminal activities.
692	Armstrong County fire officials are investigating what may have sparked a three-alarm fire that destroyed a Cowanshannock house Tuesday, just before 11 p.m.
693	Army claims to push back militants within the Tirah Valley, which is considered as the last stronghold of TTP.
694	A roofing job done four years ago has begun to leak and school officials fear that mold might begin to grow if the repairs are not done promptly.
695	Around 12 of them are needed during the summer season, and three to four when only the indoor pool is in operation.
696	Around 20 panes of glass were broken at Fletcher’s Freesias in Route Carre, St Sampson’s.
697	Around 50 basketball teams from provinces across Papua New Guinea will compete in the PNG Games this March.
698	Around 91.46 per cent girls have cleared the exams while 86.67 per cent boys emerged successful.
699	Around half of the residents of Israel’s hilly Galilee area are Arabs, most of them ethnic Palestinians.
700	Around that time it became standard practice to use a standardized assessment process on children, The Desired Results Developmental Profile (DRDP).
701	Arreola says he was an Uber and Lyft driver who had picked up passengers for a friend without any knowledge of their immigration status.
702	Arrogance and ignorance sure do go hand in hand with you liberals!
703	Artesia Police Department officers were dispatched around 7:30 a.m. Jan.
704	Arthur will be the first Democrat to serve District 17 since 2004, according to Missourinet.
705	ARTICLE 2. The said Governor having read the letter, and the contents of the same having been interpreted to him, Jan Batiste shall ask his Honour permission to go up the river for the purpose of buying slaves and balsam for the Honourable Company.
706	Art Meechum, one of the owners …
707	Arts and crafts classes are frequently held, which allow the children to stimulate their imaginations.
708	“Art with a Heart” Bible school will be held at Collins Memorial Park in Galeton July 15-20 from 9:30 to 11:30 daily.
709	As a Catholic bishop, he must have observed the country from the perspective of an authoritative religious figure.
710	As a Certified Bike Fitter and Physical Therapist at Barton, many of the patients I see feel medical conditions limit their ability to ride a bike, however, many medical issues can be accommodated and even corrected by a properly fitted bike.
711	As a coach who has built a reputation on staying the course — even when it means valuing a lesson during a regular season game that could pay off come March over a tally in the win column — head coach Roy Williams isn’t normally one for overcorrecting.
712	As a community leader, Pa Ignatius Nwosu was said to be a man of the people and that “his integrity was unimpeachable”.
713	As a country we are in a hurry to develop and achieve middle income status by 2030.
714	“As a development club — with over 14,000 females playing tackle, touch and tag across our region — it has always been our intention to ensure we have a strong local presence within our squad,” Lacey said.
715	As a family they went to Glacier Park or the Black Hills each summer.
716	“As a Florida resident, I am particularly proud of the important work NOAA does in weather forecasting and hurricane prediction,” said U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross.
717	As an adult, he came to America and was, for a time, a Unitarian minister.
718	As an aside and for the sake of clarity, the group was formally known as the Kingman Airport Users Group.
719	As a native Korean, my hope and prayer is that this meeting will bring much needed peace to the greater Korean peninsula and to the rest of the world.
720	As an example of such impunity, the Bori invasion was typical of how those in authority at all levels of government have abused the powers they have, and worse, all too often usurped even those they do not have.
721	As an executive, Bob has sat on councils and committees at the local, provincial and national levels.
722	As an operator of a bicycle or a vehicle, please be cognizant of the pedestrians, pedestrian rights-of-way, and the laws that govern operating a bicycle or a motor vehicle.
723	As another school year ends, I am writing to encourage people in Great Yarmouth to celebrate a teacher who encouraged, inspired or supported them during their school years.
724	As a recent winner of the Lionel Crowther Memorial award for community commitment and involvement, Jordan shared his experience in Neepawa, “I would like to thank the community for always having us out to volunteer and be a part of everything.”
725	As a result, 1Q 2017 sales grew 9.5% year-on-year (measured in Brazilian reais), while consolidated EBITDA hit COP$503 billion (US$172 million).
726	As a result, CBSE exams in several centres in Delhi started late as they found it difficult to follow the new "leak-proof" system put in place.
727	As a result, importers in Vietnam do not have enough cars to meet the demand.
728	As a result of the syndrome, Christian has been paralysed and will only be able to communicate with eye movements once he is woken from the coma.
729	As a result, Punjab and the Punjabis have become the most loyal and ardent followers of western consumer culture.
730	As a result, Shopee will encourage online shopping among consumers.
731	As a result the contract in question is open to speculation, including speculation whether B&ST Co., Ltd., offered its lowest price, since it was not offering that price in competition with any other bidders."
732	As a result, the group decided to celebrate Ukrainian Independence Day in Lviv with a concert to give their most adoring fans another opportunity to see Ukraine’s premiere rock group live.
733	As a result, the Red Cross was able to provide disaster relief to victims and lifesaving blood products to local patients in need.
734	As a result, they charged him with keeping an unlicensed firearm, and keep unlicensed ammunition.
735	As a retirement gift, a woman is given a radio transmitter and decides to start up her own radio station.
736	As a server, “She has just really been scoring points for us,” the coach added.
737	As a social and cultural construct, gender shapes our private and community lives.
738	As a teenager, Suharto enlisted for a three-year contract with the Dutch colonial army, the Koninklijk Nederlandsch Indisch Leger.
739	As at Jehad's home, there was very little structural damage but the victims were brought out with massive and fatal burns.
740	As at today, no zone of the federation has the collective traditional support Mr. President enjoys like in the Southwest, save the Northwest.
741	A Saudi Moroccan soccer spat speaks volumes about the depth of change in the Arab world.
742	As a whole, Boulder County median rents are $1,400 for one bedroom and $1,700 for two bedrooms — a price consistent in Lafayette — according to a recent survey, which was a 2.5 percent increase from last year.
743	As a young boy, he worked picking cotton, making 50 cents to $1 in a day.
744	As a young Coke addict, I was rolling to class one day when I somehow found myself encased in a thick layer of pavement.
745	As befits premium flagships, both of these phones are chock-full of special features.
746	"As BIBA, we will work hard to maintain and expand the fantastic network we have built, especially within the environs of the Massachusetts business, political and academic communities.
747	As Bonilla put it, “There’s a real sorrow here in a place that used to be known for its joy.”
748	A scary-looking man came over and asked if he could help.
749	A scene from 'Black Horse Memories', which will premiere at the BIFF in the competition section.
750	As China completely opens up the its financial industry, the proportion of foreign capital will undoubtedly rise.
751	As costs rise, Troy doesn’t see funding they get being able to match up to what the school will need.
752	Asean markets will continue to rally today, Malaysia and Jakarta will be closed.
753	A season over before it began.
754	A second son was born the following year, and she was expecting her third child when they moved to Germany for Jerome’s job with Catholic Relief Services.
755	A secretary in the Urban Affairs building who did not want to be identified said what she feels is one of the problems with homeless who trespass onto campus.
756	A section of commentators believes that Kashmiri lobby in Delhi contrived the dismissal of Kak more as vendetta than political reprisal.
757	A section of politicians from the ruling coalition are not happy with Kidero, being Governor of the richest County, with the highest revenue allocation in the nation.
758	A selection of excerpts from Wagner's masterpiece the final tale in the seriesDer Ring des Nibelungen, based on ancient Germanic gods, their all-too-human shortcomings and notions of Ragnarok.
759	A self-respecting women does not accept such things, because she believes that she deserves respect.
760	A senior health official said in Beijing today that China will set up a "preemptive" monitoring system to improve food safety in China.
761	A senior Muslim journalist of Ahmedabad had reported Madhu Kishwar using filthy language against Muslims.
762	A Sept. 21, 2012 email from Sarrafpour to Bonney was censored in full.
763	A series of models to provide consultations and tests for HIV, through local-level medical establishments have been piloted in some provinces and cities nationwide from 2015-2017.
764	As far as service is concerned, they initiated the ‘Share My Dabba’ campaign a few years back.
765	As Fez continues to emerge from Marrakesh's shadow, visitors will also find new restaurants, shops and stylish riads, which are traditional homes centered around a courtyard.
766	As for audio quality through the earpiece, the experience was excellent.
767	As for concerns about the size of the electronic talent pool in the region, neither Oliver nor Loder have any concerns, judging by what went down on the Electronic Stage.
768	As for future projects, Willis is working on his first novel and his first anthology of short stories.
769	As for issues of race and equality, merely demonstrating that a black man can be both elected and re-elected is persuasive, but is in itself not a great transformative leap forward.
770	As for recreational drugs, Harbeson said she doesn’t believe in using them.
771	As for the music of the evening, this was hot, hot, hot!
772	As for those calling on Marcos to concede even if the count is not yet finished and the margin is still very small, this is my question: If it was Robredo who was in Marcos’ situation, would you concede?”
773	As governor, Dibble remembers, Pawlenty shot down pretty much every LGBTQ community protection that passed his desk.
774	As GRTS’reports, the ngo is expected to do similar gesture to other communities across the country.
775	A-shares' correlation with global equities may rise as foreigners increase exposure, but we expect this to take years, not months.
776	As he went down the stairs to the dining room, Dr Scott promised to look into the matter.
777	As he wrote to his friend Dr. Benjamin Rush, “I have sworn eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.”
778	As highlighted in the Letter "Taking on the missionary discipleship of the Gospel seriously involves assuming the responsibility of preserving creation, considering that human beings are an integral part of it".
779	A shortage of skilled labor adds to the problems.
780	A short woman of about fifty, dark green hijab resting against her round cheeks looked up at me.
781	As humans, we are oftentimes adverse to change, but without change there is no growth, no learning, no development and no evolution.
782	“Ash Wednesday always floors me,” said Foster, noting that Ash Wednesday is the busiest day of the year at Old St. Mary’s.
783	Asian vibe with great sweet-and-sour taste.
784	Asia Upward with her new book Lovable Lottie and the Lost Toy.
785	Aside from Dillard, those who attend MTC's graduation will also have the chance to honor graduates as young as 16 years old.
786	Aside from Iraqi ISIS, which controls Syrian territory mostly east of the Euphrates, the war in Syria is between Assad and Ahrar.
787	Aside from the space saving benefit of trellises, cages and arches, vertical gardening allows for easier monitoring and control of pests, easier harvesting and less loss due to foliage or fruit touching the ground.
788	As if his message through Fred M’membe’s Post Newspaper was not enough ridicule on the judiciary, Zulu further organised a press briefing at which he spewed more dirt on the judges.
789	As if it wasn’t bad enough on its own, it wasn’t unusual to see said ‘trendy’ jumpers paired up with a pair of fetching tracksuit bottoms.
790	As if it were running to an annual schedule, early June’s balmy weather signals two weeks of last-minute cramming, late nights, early rises and frayed nerves.
791	"As I indicated in my statement last week, I have asked Janet Davidson, official administrator at AHS, to review this issue and provide her advice," Horne’s spokesman told CBC News in an email in response to an interview request.
792	As I lingered over the Wall Street Journal this past Saturday, Jan.
793	A similar event had doomed Columbia when debris struck and dislodged one of the craft’s outer heat shield panels, allowing deadly heat to penetrate the shuttle during its re-entry to Earth.
794	A similar policy was practiced in Japan from 2001 to 2006 with little effect.
795	As interior minister since 1975, a post to which he was reappointed in the Royal Court statement, Nayef has developed a reputation as a conservative with close ties to the Saudi religious establishment.
796	A sinus infection kept me in bed for five days.
797	As I said above… apparently two can play at this game.
798	As I said at the outset, a team is only successful when it is able and willing to communicate.
799	As I see this PP was gave relaxation of export ban for copper-nickel-as well as bauxite ore material.
800	"A site visit is typically the first step.
801	As it stands right now, no one can launch a rocket or put objects into orbit without the proper licensure.
802	As Kantor saw, men are not supposed to find themselves in positions of weakness, particularly when it comes to sex.
803	Ask Atlantic Canadians if they would like to make positive nutritional choices for themselves and their families, and most would say yes.
804	Asked how it felt to play with the Cowboys again Baker replied, “After practicing that first song, it was just like riding a bike.”
805	Ask open-ended questions to better understand their position.
806	Ask questions, and talk with your dentist.
807	Ask questions, even if it seems that you should already know or the answer should be obvious.
808	Ask the old thieving b*stard how much it has pocketed from “brotherly” (LoL) Indian crooks?
809	A small tourist trade involving the sale of hammocks and souvenirs takes place on the road side where a ferry carries curious tourists to visit the ancient Maya temple.
810	As many Liberians await the announcement of Tuesday’s presidential run-off elections, the country’s ruling Unity Party (UP) has summoned its top officials to an emergency meeting on Friday December 29, 2017.
811	As Monica Bodden found out, a cattle truck driver from Toledo was killed as he slept in his broken down vehicle.
812	As newspaper headlines across the country tell tales of woe as towns and cities prepare their budgets, the town of New Shoreham has assembled a responsible plan and won cooperation from key stakeholders.
813	As of now, all adoption fees are 50 percent off through Sunday, Dec. 31. That means fees as low as $20 for a senior cat seven years or older.
814	As of Thursday, 220,450 people have signed the petition on the Cheong Wa Dae website.
815	As one of the most prominent environmental problems facing humanity, climate change has been the basis of debate among scientific researchers, professors, and politicians, Professor Emeritus of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering, Robert Socolow said.
816	As one shrewd observer put it, the proposed Technology University upgrade is the only game in town and is part of Government policy.
817	A source within the area hinted that there was a possibility that the house might have been fumigated with “killer chemical.”
818	As part of a planning study in 1978, the company Holmes & Narver re-examined the Marble Point proposals and made new estimates for the construction of a station, an airfield, and a port facility, according to Mellor.
819	As part of the planning stages, staff across all departments will be consulted, while assessments of each hospital’s strengths and limitations is also being looked at to see how the merger can improve services for both patients and the hospitals.
820	A special thank you to Kristie and Nicole for setting this up.
821	Asperger's Syndrome is a developmental disorder affecting a person's ability to socialise and communicate.
822	As per Thadou custom, in the presence of the elder brother called ‘Upa’, the younger brother called ‘Naopa’ cannot become a chief.
823	As per the itinerary, Naidu is scheduled to attend the convocation of ICFAI University in the state, it said.
824	A spokesman for Staffordshire Police said: "At around 9.20pm last night, a silver Ford Fiesta failed to stop for officers in Church View, Burton, and after a short pursuit, the vehicle was involved in a minor road traffic collision in Horninglow Road.
825	“As proof of that we’re averaging between 82% and 85% market share on a national basis.
826	As quickly as his empire was beginning to diversify Wenger decided he needed to backtrack.
827	As Redditors themselves point out on all of these threads, the AMA had been announced half an hour before the president started answering questions.
828	As reported by the press service of the Uzbek Foreign Ministry on 10 May the state visit will be held from 11 to 13 May.
829	A Sri Lankan court has sentenced a hard-line Buddhist monk to six months imprisonment for threatening the wife of a missing journalist.
830	As seen it Scotland, it is fraught with uncertainly – economically, politically, and socially.
831	Assisted developing countries with resilient development.
832	As state lawmakers debate gun control laws in Springfield, Tazewell…
833	As students are poised to return to their public school classes Wednesday the Archivo Nacional noted that a significant institution in Costa Rica is celebrating 125 years.
834	Assuming the oil companies agree to cut back transportation of its products to B.C., which in my mind is doubtful, for two reasons: the first being if there was a more lucrative alternative, they would already have taken the opportunity.
835	Astana hosted a meeting of the heads of Russia and Kazakhstan.
836	A statue of former Treasury Secretary Albert Gallatin stands guard outside the Treasury Building in Washington, D.C., as stocks rebounded on Wall Street following Standard and Poor’s decision to downgrade the U.S. credit rating.
837	A Stay at Villa San Martino The welcoming atmosphere that permeates Martina France was brought to an even higher level.
838	A steering wheel or handbrake lock are quick and simple to fit and act as a clear deterrent to any passing car criminal.
839	“As the 2014 World Health Statistics report bluntly states, ‘Our children are getting fatter,’” she said during her opening speech to the Health Assembly on Monday in Geneva.
840	As the chart below shows, total interest remains at a very high level, almost million shares at the end of May 2018.
841	As the correspondent of "Apsnypress", the President visited the greenhouses in Kyndyg.
842	As the first day of spring approaches, green tips and early blooms are appearing in gardens, and the Delaware Botanic Gardens at Pepper Creek are no exception.
843	As the first Native American program to be awarded this designation ten years ago, Lakota Funds is recognized as a leader in micro lending and small business lending on a reservation.
844	As the former Soviet-bloc countries move into a new phase after their transition to democracy, and a new generation with little memory of communism reaches adulthood, his words may prove prescient.
845	As the Germans deal with the challenges of mass migration, Sarah is involved directly, from greeting migrants on the way to Sweden to working on integration strategies and programs in the city.
846	As the government has been drunk all the time, all these years and in all functionality, the people too have been made drunkards lock, stock and barrel.
847	As the Ivy League women’s basketball season draws closer to its conclusion, much still remains to be decided for the Ancient Eight.
848	As the journey to find our country’s next president continues, Bill Nigut updates students on how the campaign is unfolding in an On the Campaign Trail Mini-Episode.
849	As the Mass ends, he said, “the commitment of Christian witness” begins at home, at work and any time a Christian interacts with others; the idea is to “become Eucharistic men and women.”
850	As the Persian Gulf crisis drags into a second month, a four-country boycott of Qatar is raising questions about whether American businesses that follow suit could unwittingly run afoul of U.S. anti-boycott laws.
851	As there was nothing further to discuss about the revision by the Pyithu Hluttaw and there were no comments from ministries or experts, the revision proposed by the Pyithu Hluttaw was approved, U Aung Kyi Nyunt said.
852	“As the uncertainty is over, the orders will increase as usual, Exporters Association of Bangladesh (EAB) President Abdus Salam Murshedy told the Dhaka Tribune.
853	As they age, seniors drive less and less.
854	As they say in their local Liberian adage “There are 3 types of human being on earth, white man, black man and Liberia man.
855	A story of family suffering with poverty but holding set of values that we inherit and tightly hold on to it.
856	Astros went against Hillview and came up with a five goals to four win.
857	A student in the Access Academy program at Saint Anselm College.
858	A subordinator like “that” makes this possible.
859	A suggests an simple answer: Company referrals don’t work because they yield smarter workers.
860	ASUNCIÓN – Paraguay will move its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem this month, following the United States and Guatemala, the Israeli Foreign Ministry has announced.
861	A Supreme Court decision on the case is expected by June.
862	As usual, best documentary could be a category to watch in that regard, with the producer of the nominated "Last Men in Aleppo," Syrian national Kareem Abeed, having been denied a visa to travel to the U.S. to attend the ceremony.
863	As we have reported here, La MaMa is now beginning a major renovation project, and Performance Space New York (formerly PS122) has just reopened, with a new artistic director at the helm.
864	As we leave the bedroom, suddenly he bends to move the papers and clear a path for me -- and the sight of this man who's built an empire, who's changed the world, hunched over and struggling for balance, is ineffably touching.
865	As well as bringing liquidity to a falling market when they cover, it is because of short sellers that many frauds are exposed.
866	“As well as implementing an age restriction other regulations are proposed in order to ensure that all people have access to the necessary information on the risks of sunbed use.
867	As well as signing up expensive foreign players, CSL clubs have been recruiting former managers of the English and Brazilian national teams.
868	As well, Bratina is asking that the townships endorse a co-operative approach to an Official Planning Process.
869	As well, material travelling down long-ago rivers collected in various places, while the rivers themselves moved on or chose other courses.
870	As we need peace in our own state, so we also want others to have peace as well.
871	“As we try to propel Weedsport Speedway further into the national spotlight, it’s important to us to bring the top series here for our local fans,” Weedsport promoter Jim Phelps said.
872	As you’re aware, I had to come back and I resumed today, so if there are any other things, I’ll still let you know but for now, an error was done which I drew the attention of the management of the Nigerian Police and it has been corrected.
873	As your new mayor I will hire a qualified city administrator using existing funds.
874	At 10:30PM, investigates the murder of a 22-year-old man.
875	At 10:38 a.m., law enforcement officers from the Clinton County sheriff's office found the truck in Albany, and Johnson led them on a short pursuit with his children in tow before he was apprehended.
876	At 38, the young architect has already built a towering reputation to match his expansive portfolio of concept designs, which includes Lumiere, Villa Town and the award-winning Noro Mall.
877	At 6 feet, she’s by far the tallest opponent Holm has faced.
878	At 99 years old, Graham is an example of a race finished well and is one to be truly admired by all.
879	At about 8:15 p.m., an officer responded to a residence in the 100 block of West Naomi Avenue regarding a burglary report.
880	A Taliban suicide bomber killed five civilians and wounded 25 others in southern Afghanistan on Wednesday, an official said.
881	At all times we must be wary of fake Leopard-esque changes, which are sold to us at the time of popular unrest by the rich as ‘revolutions.’
882	At an eclipse preparedness meeting Friday in Baker City, Baker County’s emergency manager and an optometrist talked about eclipse safety and preparation, and a meteorologist gave a presentation to recruit local weather spotters.
883	At a news conference Thursday, she said the current process to address workplace harassment leaves people with little protection.
884	At around 10 p.m., polar explorer Will Steger and his newest crew member, 21-year-old Sam Branson, walk slowly through town in the perpetual dusky sundown of the northern latitudes, heading toward the community center.
885	At best, large right-left coalitions emerge.
886	At between 140-150 per cent, by this measure Turkey and Argentina have "by far" the highest ratio, which explains why they have been hardest hit.
887	A team captain and the Chargers’ Most Valuable Player as a freshman, he posted a pair of 10-goal games for Ancilla, including a season-high 11 against Ferris State.
888	A team of OPAT experts, as part of the Army's broader effort to educate the force on opportunities now available to female soldiers in previously closed jobs will travel to the service's major installations beginning later in September.
889	A teenager from Lord’s Bank, Belize District, faces charges of wounding and aggravated assault.
890	At first, Carl did quite a lot of talking.
891	“At first, they got some interaction.
892	A third, and more likely explanation is that the bird was an immature female bald eagle.
893	A third cause is “the concerted push by many Islamist organizations for the government to play a greater role in setting standards for both morality and religious orthodoxy,” Jones argues.
894	“Athletes have physiotherapists on hand and will get that kind of attention.
895	• A thorough working knowledge of Anti-Lock Braking Systems (ABS).
896	A THP helicopter was also utilized in the search.
897	A “thunk” roughly 20 yards away revealed that his dad’s advice had been as good as Jaron’s aim.
898	Atlantic Bank, Credit Union, Belize Bank we also have other people like for example Emilio Ahmad Group of Companies.”
899	At last, she responds.
900	At least 19 percent of high school seniors said they vaped nicotine in the last year, along with 16 percent of sophomores and 8 percent of eighth-graders.
901	At least one governor, Florida's Rick Scott, a Republican, asked for and received a waiver from the administration.
902	At least, that’s what it meant for our family last week when we packed up the car and drove to Hubbards Beach.
903	ATL Food Chatter: May 29, 2009 These may or may not be the best of times and/or the worst of times to open a restaurant in Atlanta, but there continues to be a parade of new projects added to our culinary landscape.
904	ATM and debit-card fees increased from the prior quarters because of growth in the number of accounts and card usage.
905	At New York’s Rockefeller Center, named after John D. Rockefeller Jr., the Green flag of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya continues to fly … Below the Green Flag is the golden statue of Prometheus, which constitutes a mysterious symbol of imperial power.
906	Atoll Water Security Workshop was convened by the Pacific Community (SPC) in South Tarawa, an urban atoll community all too familiar with the impacts of climate variability on household water security.
907	A top lawyer involved in the negotiations said Trump warned the 72 banks preparing to decide his fate.
908	A tough act to follow you may say, but no Stemp proves a triple treat - singer, dancer and actor and to top it all can, he strum a string on two on the banjo, which (talking to his mother on press night) he learnt as a child.
909	A tough Budget will be a good Budget… We will have to do some drastic things…
910	At plenary on Wednesday, Sunday Karimi from Kogi state called the attention of the house to Jibrin’s statement, saying “there is need for him to be called to order because he is trying to turn the chambers upside down.”
911	At present a bovine injection against TB is still perhaps as much as ten years away; and trials suggest success rates are likely to be less than 70%.
912	At present, many farmers in Hà Nội, Hải Dương or Vĩnh Phúc have already established their own associations/organisations.
913	At public universities in particular, administrators often have little power to penalize professors for distasteful or highly controversial speech.
914	"A tremendous new set of tools had emerged," he says of those early computer days.
915	A true believer believes Mark16vs16,17,18,19,20 Kumapitilira And James(yakobe 5v13,14upto20 bt these Belever idon’t know, but u can find them at Matthews 23vs1-15.
916	A true test lies ahead for coach Ron English and his Eastern Michigan football team.
917	At six in the morning, we boarded Monsieur Saint-Jour’s small wooden vessel with our picnic baskets and our sensible footwear.
918	At some point in our meeting we settled into a more conventional seating arrangement, and Bill began to tell me about the world as he analyzed it at the time, the late 1970s.
919	At some point, the cost-benefit analysis points indisputably towards the bulldozer.
920	Attah is obviously the selling point of Out of the Village but I reckon he will have a small role in the Modern Ocean.
921	Attempting to develop comprehensive legislation regarding sexual assault is a difficult thing to do, especially at the University level.
922	At that point, Trudeau’s senior advisor, and fellow McGill alumnus, Gerald Butts (B.A. ’94, M.A. ’96), exited the Faculty Club to join Trudeau.
923	At that point you really ought to turn back and reward yourself with a celebratory beer, since legend has it that the cave route actually stretches for well over a hundred miles and takes over a month to reach the other end.
924	At the 1980 convention the rule change pushed through by Ford was eliminated, and the rule reverted back to essentially the same language as the rule first adopted at the 1880 convention.
925	At the academy I met young girls aged 12 and 13, who had tried out and started playing archery because of my story.
926	At the beginning of the session, City Clerk June Lemos, Special Projects Manager Jennifer Owen, Community Development Director Marie Jones and Finance Director Victor Damiani all urged council members to keep Ruffing in the job.
927	At the end of May, we will celebrate Memorial Day and honor our military men and women who have given their lives serving our nation, so that we might live free.
928	At the Harbour Spirit stage Poppa Greg and the Chillin’ Dylans caught the blues edge of Beatles and other rock tunes.
929	At the last minute, the U.S. came to South Korea’s rescue.
930	At the local Katy Babies R Us my rewards card helps me earn points towards savings and alerts me via email on great coupon specials.
931	At the meeting last July when the core strategy was withdrawn, councillors were told that adopted neighbourhood plans would carry full weight and emerging ones would carry some weight depending on where they were up to in their preparation.
932	At the meeting, the president in charge of CMCCI, AM Mahbub Chowdhury, also delivered a speech, saying, “Bangladesh can enter the markets in Burma if it allows duty concession to exporters.”
933	At the risk of invoking the wrath of Mahmuday…has anybody ever heard romedan Mohammed Nur speak?
934	At the same time, Tesla will aim to make some of the parts so it has those as a backup if suppliers can’t come through.
935	At the same time, the plight of Puerto Rico also prompted concern and regional interest.
936	At the same time Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin indicates that the U.S. is talking to domestic oil producers about how to increase supplies in order to maintain balance as preparation for the re-imposition of sanctions on Iran.
937	At the site the ministers who had a contingent of Belize Defence Force soldiers and police found a structure that is well underway.
938	At the start of February the average wait time on the Standard housing list was 788 days, Nicole said.
939	At the State College of Florida, Manatee-Sarasota, per-student funding is similar to 2006, while costs have increased significantly.
940	At the time of Lohan's release from rehab, Sloane was much more effusive, releasing a statement describing Lohan's "intensive outpatient program," which supposedly included daily AA meetings and daily testing.
941	At the time of this writing, not a lot of color is showing, but change has started.
942	At the time, the parliament’s petition department had also started working on the case.
943	At the time, there were only around 400 pairs in the continental United States, and they were listed as endangered in 1967.
944	At the time, they thought it was just a cute notion.
945	At the very least, the local artists hope a touch of color can help bring back Boeng Kak’s effervescent vibe.
946	At this point, therefore, with South Africa at the very crossroads of its political, economic and energy development, the future of the renewable energy, new coal and gas-to-power IPP programmes remains distinctly uncertain.
947	At this time, the only other employees are a couple of young boys to help unload the trucks.
948	Attorney Debra Katz is a key advocate in the fight against sexual harassment.
949	Attorney Eugene Farish (attorney for both Crestone and Saguache) had specific questions for the Sheriff regarding the scope and limits of his coverage.
950	A Type-59 tank attached to a brigade under the PLA 77th Group Army crosses a muddy trench during a driving skills training exercise on March 20, 2018.
951	Auctions at 3:30 pm Woodworking tools, hand tools, firearms, collectibles, and misc.
952	Audiences find an entertaining home in Lean Ensemble’s ‘The Clean House’
953	Audition dates can be found on the theater’s website, fredericksburgtheater.
954	Audits may result in civil penalties and lay the groundwork for criminal prosecution of employers who knowingly violate the law.
955	Aug 27, 2016; Indianapolis, IN, USA; Indianapolis Colts kicker Adam Vinatieri (4) kicks a field goal in the first half against the Philadelphia Eagles at Lucas Oil Stadium.
956	• Aug. 9: Police were dispatched to a Hebron Road address on a report of a stolen vehicle.
957	Aurora Wilkes added a solo home run to lead Fruitport, while Alli Newsted added an RBI double.
958	A US embassy statement said the doctored image was pushed in front of Friedman without his consent during a visit to a charitable institution in Bnei Brak, near Tel Aviv.
959	Austerity has been tried and failed in Europe and in Alberta under Klein.
960	Austin had reached an immunity agreement that depended on Bobo’s body being recovered from the place where Austin said it was buried.
961	Australia hired Bert van Marwijk to take Postecoglou’s place on the Socceroos’ bench.
962	Australian Bloodstock’s Jamie Lovett is said Brave Smash deserved another chance in Australia’s richest race after running third in the Australian Turf Club’s slot last year.
963	“Australians understand the importance of the live export trade much better than they did when Labor hastily forced a live export ban upon us without due consideration.
964	Australia's top 50 private givers are all generous, but what they want in return varies greatly.
965	Authorities don’t know what caused the apparent malfunction.
966	Autistic kids invited to special Broadway performance of ‘Lion King’
967	“Automated, distributed threats are a systemic challenge that no one actor – government or commercial can solve,” said David J. Redl, Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information and NTIA Administrator, U.S. Department of Commerce.
968	Availability of oil reserves is one of the basic factors for determining the strategy of managing oil resources.
969	Average weekday ridership dropped by 333 or 2.8 percent, from 12,056 in 2015 to 11,723.
970	A version of this article appears in print on of the New York edition with the headline: For Young Gazan at the Fence, Living or Dying Is the ‘Same Thing’
971	A very costly decision by Virginia not to take the court on what turned out to be a beautiful night for tennis.
972	A veteran of the Army Air Corps, he served in both Italy and North Africa during World War II.
973	A viable traffic alternative needs to be developed.
974	A Vice spokesman said the investigation into Creighton is "still ongoing."
975	A victim believed a male subject stole her cell phone while she was sleeping on the 300 block of South Street on May 9 at approximately 4:45 p.m.
976	A victim of his own success, the defensive midfielder has become simply too key to his club side Esteghlal – a gratifying state of affairs for the newly-turned 20-year-old, albeit if it was set to see him miss out on the trip east.
977	A visitor to our site felt the following article might be of interest to you: Piqua, Troy host final high school blood drives.
978	A Waco-area man has been added to the DPS 10 Most Wanted Sex Offenders list and a cash reward is offered for tips leading to his arrest.
979	A whistleblower anywhere along the way could have stopped the whole mess in its tracks.
980	A woman and her husband arrived from El Paso around 3:30 p.m. saying lines were ridiculously long there.
981	A woman in the apartment was reportedly heard screaming, "No, he didn't do nothing!"
982	A woman was led to safety by firefighters wearing breathing apparatus after flames broke out at a Plaistow flat.
983	A woman who previously admitted to taking photos in a courtroom said on Friday that she has.
984	A woman with a great devotion to the Blessed Virgin was airing a show on his station and spoke of Mary as a sort of fourth person of the Blessed Trinity.
985	A World War II Army corporal, he served in the.
986	A wounded warrior uses an advanced computer-generated simulation to walk with prosthetic limbs at the Center for the Intrepid at Brooke Army Medical Center, Jan.
987	AXELSEN SAID the store won’t change drastically as he assumes ownership.
988	Axminster, who sit fourth bottom, but are just 14 points shy of table-topping Bideford Littleham and Westward Ho!
989	A year ago I would have said Jim Schutze.
990	A young Sheryl Sandberg was branded bossy by a teacher at school, but wasn’t that just natural leadership ability in its infancy?
991	A YOUTH networking outfit, Network for Youth Movement — Rovambira Sect, has released a single titled Mumvura, which speaks to the current political situation in the country.
992	Azerbaijan is capable of developing its various industries, including snake venom collection farms for the purpose of creating medicines, economic expert Vugar Bayramov believes.
993	Azerbaijanis have excelled in Judo in the international arena.
994	Azerbaijan’s Prosecutor General has sent a letter to his Ukrainian counterpart Yuriy Lutsenko over the recent acts of violence against Azerbaijan in the country.
995	B-17 Flying Fortress is unveiled in a private reception ceremony at the National Museum of the United States Air Force on Wednesday evening.
996	Back in 2007 we would see on average more than 100 kids daily.
997	Back in December of 2014, at an event aiming to pair up researchers with expertise in the lab and growers with experience in the field, Walker was connected with Nova Scotia onion growers.
998	Back in October, a gunman opened fire on a Las Vegas concert killing 58 people.
999	Back in Pythagoras’ days, early Western vegetarians also ate fish.
1000	Back to Leslie's question: yes it does matter.
1001	Badgers are impossibly shy creatures and difficult to get to know, and any information gleaned by that motion-sensitive camera ought to be very interesting.
1002	Bad omen or opening bid?
1003	Bae, a missionary based in China, had been guiding groups into North Korea to lead them on prayer walks for the North Korean people.
1004	Baffert admitted that the sweet-natured American Pharoah will "always be my first love" but said Justify richly deserved his star's status.
1005	Baker will talk about getting relief from stress and worry.
1006	Bake, turning bread slices over, until golden and crispy, about 10 minutes.
1007	Baldock received significant attention in the lead-up to the game but told Fairfax Media last week that much of the hype was lost on him.
1008	Ballymoney Chronicle - Sports - Dooley wants to hit the ground runningThe Causeway Coast's leading local newspaper.
1009	Bananas are a good source of potassium and other essential nutrients that help keep our body hydrated.
1010	Bangladesh Bank has reportedly asked the IBBL to take action against 20 of its officials, who the investigators found had colluded with the militants.
1011	Banks Based Outside the Tri-Counties A ranking of banks based outside the tri-county region.
1012	Barker said it will cost some employees more than $800 per month out of pocket in premiums to maintain a family health insurance plan.
1013	Barrientos says she isn't worried about getting preeclampsia because she didn't have it during her last two pregnancies, but she does know others who have had to deal with it.
1014	Bartimaeus is admitting that he needs mercy, that he needs salvation.
1015	Baseball fans willfully tore open the deepest wound in sports history by sitting there on Saturday to hear Peter O’Malley, the son of the hated Walter O’Malley, defend his dad.
1016	Based on a sharing concept, each menu starts with complementary small plates; dates, freshly baked bread, olives and a fresh tomato concassé.
1017	Based on our global Launchpad Accelerator program, this initiative will provide more than $3 million in equity-free funding, mentorship, working space and access to expert advisers to more than 60 African start-ups over three years.
1018	Based on this satisfactory experience, AVSF and Ar Arvijin Delgerekh are willing to apply this business model to the livestock and meat value chain, including herders into the profit sharing scheme.
1019	Bash sought to clarify Giuliani's view of the probe's legitimacy, as distinct from Mueller as special counsel and the probe's origins.
1020	Basil along with other 11 MPs from the PANGU Pati moved to the Government side on Monday, Sept 11, 2017.
1021	Batt writes on his computer, on an IPad, on yellow legal pads… “And I like writing in pencil,” he says.
1022	Bauer Media said in a statement that it was "considering the judgement".
1023	BBB has a special help page on its website: 
1024	BCG's annual study also showed Switzerland remained the world's biggest centre for managing offshore wealth with $US2.3 trillion, followed by Hong Kong with $US1.1 trillion and Singapore with $US0.9 trillion.
1025	BC Parks is reacting to the complaints of a noisy few.
1026	BC’s shameful poverty levels come at enormous economic cost: our research shows between $8.1 billion and $9.2 billion annually in lost productivity.
1027	Bearden added a pair of late markers when Connor Cross and Mitchell Mazrimas scored in the 71st and 79th minute respectively.
1028	Beat heavy and moody, Eilish describes the song as one of her favourites she has written.
1029	Beating the actual Islamic Talk about team, which controls in regards to a finally in the land and also precipitated previous year's generation of the Oughout.
1030	Beatrice was a loving wife, devoted mother, cat lover and cherished Aunt, who genuinely cared for all those she encountered.
1031	Be better drivers.
1032	Because 10% is a good rough number to use for public sector employee contributions via payroll withholding.
1033	Because affordable housing has historically been unsustainably funded using time-limited tax credits, Detroit faces the loss of over 4,000 affordable housing units by 2020.
1034	Because all of us college students just have $300 laying around, right?
1035	Because all views matter, Euronews is "All Views"
1036	Because I care about these things I am willing to commit to running for the Baca Grande Water & Sanitation Board.
1037	"Because if we talk about the economy and where it's going, we're not going to lose the House."
1038	Because it will save users a lot of money on monthly charges that they now pay.
1039	Because of their high degree of professionalism, their passion for adventure and their hard work and dedication, our voyage to Antarctica was seamless and a great success (Bio's courtesy of Aurora).
1040	Because of the newness of the research, experts have only identified a few genes that may influence behavior such as voter turnout and political violence.
1041	Because people still sent invitations by mail, not email.
1042	Because that’s what it’s all about.
1043	Because these birds rarely fly, you must follow the blaring call and scan the grasses in hopes of catching a glimpse.
1044	Because these support groups have come together in recent years and work more closely, the integration concept has been paying off with better understanding between them and of each others' role on base.
1045	Because when it runs out … that’s it.
1046	Because without proper consideration, that choice of wallpaper can end up just as upsetting as the groovy patterns that were left behind by previous owners.
1047	Because you cannot do everything at once.
1048	Before 2004, the vast majority of illegals crossing the border were returned or deported through civil immigration systems.
1049	Before and after – discover how these bathrooms went from dated to designerHands up who wants this makeover for their home!
1050	Before I can answer that question for myself, I have to deal with the contradictions and hypocrisy in our lives that all this exposes.
1051	Before I go far despite all the criticism, advice, and certainly sycophancy around, our democracy is growing, the only point of debate or departure is which direction it is growing, it remains to be seen if it is pro-de-retro-gressive or stagnant.
1052	Before Immigration and Customs Enforcement came knocking at 6 a.m. on Sept. 29, 2010, the Oseguera family was the embodiment of the immigrant American dream.
1053	Before imposing such ban they must go through the fifth standard science and see how the food chain/web work and how the very energy flow in a particular ecosystem.
1054	Before I tell you exactly what was in those emails, let me tell you why we were looking for them and how they came into our possession.
1055	Before joining the NCAA, he spent four years as athletic director of West Virginia, orchestrating the school’s move to the Big 12.
1056	Before she started writing about pesticides, however, Carson returned to the sea, producing another manuscript about the oceans.
1057	Before that, he spent 17 years in the District Attorney’s Office, preceded by a short stint as an associate at a Beverly Hills firm.
1058	Before the current work at Concord began nearly a year ago, the building was, in many respects, the architectural equivalent of an early 1970s model.
1059	Before the date of the hearing, the landlord contacted us and we negotiated a favorable global settlement which included the landlord agreeing to vacate the default and final judgment of eviction.
1060	Beginning in January and through the month of February we are delighted that our office walls will feature a representative sample of her art.
1061	Behich became an A-League regular and fought his way into the Australian under-23 team and then the full Socceroo squad.
1062	Behind closed doors, witness after witness took the stand to testify.
1063	Behind the counter in Wrights Pies, further up the high street, Christine, 56, says: “I’ve always voted Labour because it’s for working-class people.”
1064	Behrouz Boochani, a journalist and Iranian refugee who has been held on Manus Island since August 2014, wrote on Twitter that one of the refugees has harmed himself with a razor, cutting his wrist and chest.
1065	Beijing’s China-centric worldview will only be further reinforced under Xi Jingping, who has proved conclusively that he is the strongest communist leader since Deng Xiaoping.
1066	“Being able to pull down offensive boards gave us extra possessions.”
1067	Being an adoptee in Texas means writing "unknown" across medical forms and being misinformed about your ethnicity, says Marci Purcell.
1068	“Being associated with a larger title company like Security 1st Title will help us move into the future,” he said.
1069	"Being complacent isn't going to help, and the more people who come out, then we will see change," says Wolyshyn.
1070	Being forewarned is forearmed.
1071	Being independent from the university allows for us to deliver objective news to our students.
1072	Being stuck in a foreign country with no viable employment opportunities on the horizon, made me sink into a depression I had never experienced before.
1073	Being too open and honest could make things even more difficult.
1074	Beletweyne, Baidoa, Kismayo, Adado – The African Union Mission in Somalia (AMISOM) has concluded gender awareness training for Somali police officers in four regional states in Somalia, to help broaden their knowledge on human rights.
1075	Believing the town had violated covenants, Lynch had wanted the roof on the fire station replaced with a gable roof to make it consistent with the colonial feel.
1076	Belize’s fisheries management is transitioning from open access to manage access and there has been meaningful improvements made in education compliance and improved stewardship at the macro level.
1077	Belize’s tourism industry would profit by hundreds of millions of dollars annually from an increased sport fishing industry if gill nets were outlawed.
1078	Bella Hadid has spoken out about finding happiness following her high-profile split from the Weeknd last November.
1079	BELOVED: Sarah Crimmins, 16, who died tragically in a car crash last year.
1080	Bendable Sculptures: Saturday, Sept. 15, 1 – 4 p.m. Drop-in art and science workshop: Use wires and beads to construct a one-of-a-kind bendable sculpture.
1081	Beneath the information about the sales volume and starting price on the Community Market, you will see a button marked “Sell” that will get you started.
1082	Bengal tigers won ICC trophy, Gold Medal in Asian games in cricket.
1083	Ben Gill and Scott Jolly are seeking two open seats on the Board of Education for the Wheelersburg School District.
1084	BENNINGTON — A position statement has begun to circulate through the boards of the Southwest Vermont Supervisory Union that would express opposition to the arming of teachers.
1085	BENNINGTON — Just as museums serve the public as collectors of history and culture, so also can individuals often take on the persona of an archaeologist.
1086	Be prepared to spend your day strenuously climbing some of nature's frozen streams and flow offs.
1087	Bernie Sanders says Trump is 'going to war against working people'
1088	Berry's fifth season has been a historic one for the Axewomen thus far.
1089	Bersatu president Muhyiddin Yassin said PH had to name its prime minister candidate ahead of the polls to win voter confidence.
1090	Besides being the biggest newspaper publisher in the country, Zimpapers is the only publisher and printer operating as a public company, having been floated on March 8 1927; then as the Rhodesian Printing and Publishing Company Limited.
1091	Besides, many other summer activities and excursions are popular in the area.
1092	Besides, these decision makers know that the Bohol Sunday Post is circulated in practically all Bohol towns thru subscriptions or the ubiquitous newsboys peddling the paper every week.
1093	Best things to do in Taiwan: From jutting skyscrapers to templ.
1094	Be sure to bring your lawn chair.
1095	Beth Moody of the Brescia House PTA said, “Our aim for this donation is to reduce absenteeism and dropout rates at Witkoppen School, and increase the opportunities for the girls to complete their education.”
1096	Betraus got a fine and he was giving away secrets.
1097	Between 1989 and 2017 we appear to have done nothing much overall.
1098	Between May and June, a team of U.S. and Somali officials visited nine army bases to assess whether the men were receiving food the United States provides for 5,000 soldiers.
1099	Between the early 1500s and the early 1800s, millions of slaves were kidnapped from Ghana, Mali and across West Africa.
1100	Beverly and I will continue our journey!
1101	Bhathal has suffered a damaging series of leaks from inside the party aimed at painting her as a bully.
1102	Bill Bradbury, by contrast, has not been as strong as might have been expected; for example, after over 20 years as a public figure, he raised $187,000 in 2009.
1103	Bill Eye knows this.
1104	Billy Elliot: The Musical has been exhilarating audiences for 11 years.
1105	Bimbadgen to host Stevie Nicks, Pretenders and Ali Barter on November 11, 2017.
1106	Biney hopes to be a chemical engineer someday.
1107	BIRD WALK WITH ME Does your family dig endothermic vertebrates?
1108	Bishop E. René Soulé said the goal is to achieve a “better Louisiana” and told demonstrators that addressing their concerns with “corporate greed” would require citizens to vote leaders out of office.
1109	Bishop Howard J. Hubbard celebrated Mass with all the seminarians and their families late this summer.
1110	Bishop McManus called on the priests to remember they are Jesus’ disciples, committed to bringing him to a world that desperately needs him.
1111	Bishop Rayford Ray, Episcopal Diocese of Northern Michigan will preside at the service.
1112	Bishop Reilly will celebrate the 9 a.m. Charter TV 3 Mass on Christmas Day.
1113	Bishop Sam Jacobs once commented about the U.S. Catholic Bishops, saying, "We bishops talk about evangelization but in fact do very little to empower people in the exercise of this ministry."
1114	Bits of mangled and smouldering debris were scattered across the field near Boufarik airport southwest of Algiers where people were searching for bodies among the rubble.
1115	Biwott noted that although Kenya continues to enjoy a trade surplus within the East African Community (EAC) bloc, it is faced with a declining trade, a worrying trend that remains a critical focus of the country.
1116	Black bass are fair on chartreuse Senkos, Bleeding Shad Rat-L-Traps, and weightless green pumpkin wacky rigged Whacky Sticks early in 4-10 feet.
1117	Black people haven’t figured out that intimacy isn’t something to be ashamed about,” Gordon added.
1118	Blogging is the use of internet Blogs (mini websites) to promote ideas and businesses.
1119	Blue Devil sprinter Kody Lewis competed in both the 100- and 200-meter races on May 11, finishing in ninth and 14th places, respectively.
1120	Bluegrass Cell 5K walk/run The Bluegrass Cellular 5K is scheduled for 7:30 a.m. on Saturday, August 27 at the Bluegrass Cellular Headquarters in Elizabethtown.
1121	Blue-green algal blooms usually develop during the warmer months and are common in Loch Awe at this time of year.
1122	Blunt’s most recent scandal involves shady casino dealings with lobbyist Jack Abramoff.
1123	Board members also discussed preliminary projected budget revenues for the coming fiscal year.
1124	Boasting an unbroken lineage to the Dove and Grammy-award winning Blackwood Brothers, the Mansion Records artists link the best of Southern Gospel's traditional sound with today's newer Country gospel and worship music.
1125	Bobbi’s cookbook, “Simply Delicious Recipes - Bon Appetit by Bobbi” is now available!
1126	Bob Harris of Walnut Grove Angus, Marion, displayed the reserve champion bull named Grand Canyon of WGA at the 1993 Kansas Angus Futurity held in Hutchinson.
1127	“Bob was a great man.
1128	“Boeing has never used DU on either the 757 or the 767, and we no longer use it on the 747,” Leslie M. Nichols, product spokesperson for Boeing’s 767, told AFP.
1129	Boiler central heating: What temperature should a house be?
1130	BOISE, Idaho (AP) — An Idaho House panel has revived a previously spiked health care proposal designed to provide coverage to low-income Idahoans.
1131	Boldo Methodist Church on Alabama Highway 69 North (across from the Dollar General) in Jasper will have a free clothes closet giveaway on the second Saturday of each month from 8 a.m. until noon at the church, starting today, Aug. 13.
1132	Bombay Sapphire gin recalled nationwide over wrong alcohol content »
1133	Born in Jackson County, he was the son of Connie Lynn and stepfather, Mike Lynn, and the late David Hall.
1134	Born in Nash County on January 1, 1936, he was the son of the late Marvin Edward and Viola Walker Cummings.
1135	Born June 6, 1932, in Bloomington, he was the son Frank W. & Wilma (Bridges) Day.
1136	Born September 23, 1962, at Rison, he was a son of the late David Jones and Hazel Segrest Jones.
1137	Boston Family Office Lc holds 1.28% or 244,809 shares.
1138	“Boston has tapped into more innovation based jobs — they have a red hot economy,” she said.
1139	Both Comandante Juarez and Mayor Miguel Chacon say they've never heard of this group.
1140	Both companies are employee-owned.
1141	Both games tout a tonal mixture of badass and exaggerated humor that fans have come to expect as the studio’s modus operandi.
1142	Both Gore and Kerry ran miserable campaigns against Bush and their party failed to fight the election results in Congress afterward.
1143	Both houses are working on a compromise; however, a deal on these bills might prove to be difficult.
1144	Both lawmakers are Republicans, the same party as President George Bush.
1145	Both Lee and Washington surpassed 1,000 kills for their careers, and Washington also became just the seventh Lion in program history to reach 1,000 kills and 500 blocks.
1146	Both men were arrested at the request of the U.S. government.
1147	Both men were charged last month with one count of mail fraud.
1148	“Both of my kids are Franco-Ontarian, I support them and I don’t want them to remove the Franco-Ontarian flag, I want them to keep it but I would like to see a Canadian Flag on one of those two poles,” stated Kidd.
1149	Both of the top pairings returned for the decisive golden set, with Matauatu and Pata prevailing 17-15.
1150	Both on the living and departed souls.
1151	Both papers could be thriving, rather than merely surviving, but as they split all available revenue their respective ability to serve the community is compromised.
1152	Both sides do have many shortcomings.
1153	Both Sports Authority (Dublin) and Sports Chalet (Pleasanton) have closed their stores.
1154	"Both the Assad regime and Isis have been held responsible for the use of chemical weapons in the past since the start of the Syrian conflict, a war crime which I totally condemn.
1155	Both the initial and follow-up trip inspired new suggestions for improvements EWB-CC could implement in Ccapacmachay.
1156	Bouchikhi fell slightly behind as the race progressed but still maintained a top position until the finish line.
1157	Bourke was the first of the local boxers to enter the ring.
1158	Bowral’s Patrick Glanville, who has established a successful salon business and acquired property, doesn’t want his wishes to be disputed should he die.
1159	Boxer did not fear for her life — instead she blew mocking kisses to Bernie supporters, and in at least one still photo of her moving off stage (it may have been photoshopped), she is shown giving the crowd the finger as she exits.
1160	Boxer is an amphibious assault ship that resembles a small aircraft carrier.
1161	Boy Scout counselors will award fitness merit badges.
1162	Bradshaw also planned on talking with fraternities and sororities about what they should and should not be doing to ensure that they have a positive image.
1163	"brainwashing those too young to make informed decisions of their own."
1164	Brandon Brefczynski will join the Alaska Oil and Gas Association AOGA as its new external affairs manager.
1165	Brandon Roth, multimedia journalist and anchor at CNY Central, was the event emcee.
1166	Breathe as necessary, but otherwise stop.
1167	Brennan said he was sold on the Ghost Pillow’s relaxing lavender scent and it’s cooling capabilities.
1168	Brett was said to never know a stranger; his gregarious personality is what made that possible.
1169	Brevard sheriff putting inmates to work on all-volunteer 'chain gang'
1170	Brewer, who would be the first African-American governor of Kansas if elected, announced his campaign Monday ahead of the state party’s annual Washington Days convention this weekend.
1171	Brewing is no longer a combination of tubes, copper vats and fires.
1172	Brian Mauso, the Deputy National Cordinator of Crime Preventers in Uganda, says some of the letters were dropped in the homes of their members in Kampala, Wakiso and Mpigi districts.
1173	Brick-and-mortar stores are mostly gone, and even radio has diminished as a dominant source of music consumption.
1174	Bridger was simply the hired help, and not the director of the play.
1175	Bridget Bale, of Queen Elizabeth II High School, won the Key Stage 4 prize for her computer-drawn image of a World War I soldier.
1176	Bridging development divide, on the other hand, is meant to accelerate economic development through economic integration to catch up with the rest of ASEAN.
1177	Bridlington Old Town.
1178	Bring a lunch, beverage provided.
1179	British author Diccon Bewes explains the lowdown on how to be Swiss – and why he wants to be Swiss, too.
1180	British Invasion, a Beatles cover band, performs under sunny skies Saturday afternoon at the Williamsville Valley Lehigh Depot on North Long Street.
1181	British national Frederick Douglas was the chief engineer.
1182	Britons everywhere are moaning and groaning about the rise in rail fares this January.
1183	Brookings artist Lola Wiebe's watercolor, "Grandpa John," reflects the spirit and simplicity of South Dakota.
1184	Brown V. Board of Education, these people who marched and were hit in the face with rocks and punched in the face to get an education and we got these knuckleheads walking around who don’t want to learn English (clapping) I know that you all know it.
1185	Bruce Anderson has visited Moray on a handful of occasions, continuing a tradition to stay in Findhorn, which was started by his wife Wendy’s family many years ago.
1186	Bruce Riedel, a former CIA officer who has advised President Barack Obama on counter-terrorism policy, said that al Qaeda and other militants were "deeply engaged" with anti-Assad forces.
1187	Bruno lost some toenails during the ordeal, probably due to his early frantic efforts to try and dig out of the well.
1188	Brush the top thoroughly with olive oil and sprinkle the cheese over the tart.
1189	Bryson was a crucial figure in the implementation of a five-day hold on formal recruitment for 13 fraternities, a move which Bryson said was for the health and safety of potential new members, a decision which he defends.
1190	Budget 2018 also invests $100 million into developing technologies that could extend and improve access to broadband internet service in rural areas as proof of this government’s commitment to Northern Ontario and all of rural Canada.
1191	Budget meetings are also posted and emails sent as reminders.
1192	Buhweju – Ugandan President Museveni on Thursday described the UPDF as a disciplined and patriotic army which had brought benefits to the people due to its correct ideology.
1193	BUI punishment is up to the individual prosecutor.
1194	Bulldogs’ new business manager Tali Campell liked the idea so much he threw in two tickets to the Dec. 3 game for anyone who donates at Jowsey’s.
1195	“Bulldozers razed Palestinian villages, warrants confiscated Palestinian land, laws revoked Palestinians’ citizenship and annulled their homeland.”
1196	Burial followed at Rock Springs Cemetery.
1197	Burial followed in the HazelGreen Cemetery.
1198	Burial was at Antioch Cemetery.
1199	Burke’s first display is called.
1200	Burnett joined CNN from CNBC where she anchored two flagship programs daily and contributed to Meet the Press.
1201	Burnett’s other living son, Jimmy Burnett, who is also a resident at BPCLC, was unable to attend.
1202	Bursts of anti-aircraft, machine gun and even some small arms fire were directed into the air during darkness.
1203	Bush's open support for torture, and Donald Rumsfeld's extraordinary personal overseeing of certain torture techniques, upset many in America's "secret army" of subversive military and intelligence operators as it exposed how the system worked.
1204	Businesses that have been here for more than 10 years seem to be weathering this well, but newer businesses aren't, as we saw with Stork's Nest, Thriving Ink and Doodlebug before that.
1205	Busted business stories are canaries in the coal mine.
1206	But after a conciliatory response from the North, Trump said the meeting could still take place.
1207	But after a year of fruitless discussions, what could be more appropriate than this?
1208	But, after having a player sent off, Tourmakeady struggled to stay with St Naul’s who eventually won by six after a gallant effort from our lads.
1209	But alas, on Friday, hope turned to despair and grief as their bodies were identified.
1210	But all that will change and it will change immediately if Congress sends a tax cut and reform bill.
1211	But an A minus director he certainly was.
1212	But an audience seeking sexually laden imagery might.
1213	But any hopes of a rousing finale were wrecked ten minutes from time when Hoolahan delivered a perfect low cross from the left and Russell Martin, attacking the far post, steered a low shot under Lee-Barrett.
1214	But are these celebrity social media snaps realistic or are they just putting even more pressure on women to snap back into shape after giving birth?
1215	But a Scripps campus there would lead to sprawl, argued 1000 Friends of Florida and other groups.
1216	But a Seamie Nani Friel goal put Fanad into the lead by 1-8 to 0-10 with less than five minutes to go.
1217	But, as Huffington Post Italia rightly points out, the creation of such a committee would undoubtedly give rise to inter-institutional conflict, and possibly even to a constitutional crisis.
1218	But, as we have pointed out for years, the formula itself is flawed badly.
1219	But as we tried to converse, neither one of us could speak more than four or five words in a row without having a logging truck rumble by and drown us out.
1220	But, at this point, the powerboat side of things in 2018 will represent about 53-40 percent of our business and it’s a growing segment,” he said, adding that the overall boating market has changed in the last 10 years.
1221	But before Intel could introduce its eight-core consumer processor, it still has to work out details on how it will address the prosumer market.
1222	But before you know it, the Christmas gifts will turn to credit card bills and taking steps to reduce your tax liability now could make a jolly new year come tax time.
1223	But, by a two-to-one split decision of its three-man bench led by Justice Moore Admein, the Court of Appeal dismissed the Senate President’s appeal.
1224	But by creating an expanded netherworld between life and death, the medical interventions have blurred the frontiers that separated the two.
1225	But can she really distance herself from the issue?
1226	But Claybrook (75) and Kelshaw (68 not out) made sure that Brymbo claimed another impressive victory with 50 balls to spare.
1227	But conservative Francois Fillon, a former prime minister, who was embroiled in a scandal over alleged fake jobs appeared to be closing the gap, as was far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon.
1228	But don’t worry as your fingers are kept away from the knife while you cut.
1229	But even as KAJS proclaimed it was convinced the scheme would produce ‘social security and dignity’ for the people, it was set up a watchdog body to monitor its implementation.
1230	But even I have been fed up with pages and pages of coverage for months leading up to the wedding.
1231	But even with the program’s familiarity to bowl games, it’d be remiss to ignore the uniqueness of this season to the Badgers.
1232	But everyone from my wife to The Washington Post has been trying to talk sense to me.
1233	But every participant, Tong says, has a similar story to tell.
1234	But for about 20 low-income quadriplegics in Marin County, proceeds from plant sales meant the difference between living independently at home and living dependent upon others.
1235	But for me, conditioning our daughter for a long-hour environment and plucking her out of her rose-coloured pre-school world at three years old is a source of guilt that I can't quite get past.
1236	But for tens of thousands of families the land grab changed their lives.
1237	But for we journalists, now is the time to reach deep and draw on our best traditions of objectivity and toughness, and report with fairness to all sides.
1238	“But full credit to Hamilton, they pressured us really well and had a heap of intensity (through the first three quarters).
1239	But given that you are obviously unfamiliar with your government’s own decrees allow me to restate it for the record.
1240	But having been in the grace of faith, I prayed and read the bible.
1241	But he also tells Maron that “being a senator is the best job I’ve ever had.”
1242	But he didn’t sacrifice quality writing for the genre.
1243	But he did the other way round and began to construct the Ark.
1244	But he ended up causing a stir on social media for all the wrong reasons after a reader suggested that he and his co-writer, senior Sweden Democrat Aron Emilsson, needed a basic history lesson.
1245	But he has shown a repeated willingness to break from White House explanations of the dismissal and its characterizations of the Russia investigation.
1246	But he keeps on ticking, and while it doesn't always look pretty in the passing game, the Panthers know what they have in Newton, who finds various ways to win games.
1247	But he loved it for more than that.
1248	But he may have said it best while looking at the big picture heading into IU’s first title match since 2012.
1249	But he should have gone in Harmer’s first over of the second session when one popped up to Dan Lawrence at short leg and was grassed.
1250	“But his programs are important to the widow who gets comfort from a song that was a favorite of hers and her husband’s.
1251	But Howards' Marketing Manager, Cathy Player, isn't concerned.
1252	But how do you make sure you've found one that's great enough to treat your crown?
1253	But if created your own back-end system, you'd be able to use an authentication algorithm and implement your own encryption on top of this Globalstar data packet layer.
1254	But if policymakers lack a master plan that includes infrastructure improvement, environmental development and equal access to technology, they may end up with smart people instead of smart cities.
1255	But if the governing council lifts the rate too slowly, Poloz said it could intensify inflationary pressures to the point it overshoots the bank’s bull’s-eye.
1256	But if your German leaves a bit to be desired, then you can always contribute online towards the meal or present fund.
1257	But I have change I have had an epiphany.
1258	"But I'm still feeling confident.
1259	But in an interview with the BBC that aired late Thursday, Minister of Urban Well-Being, Housing and Local Government Abdul Rahman Dahlan admitted it was Najib.
1260	But in many cases, they can come with no visible side-effects.
1261	"But in reality, they speak for only a very small portion of very large U.S. corporations, often to the detriment of small business."
1262	"But instead of apologising, the First Minister once again showed that the SNP simply doesn't do humility."
1263	But instead of doing that, he said, no, no.
1264	But instead went for the Consultant CHIEF INSULTER from Luanshya.
1265	But in the future we would like to see half of the operations with our private sector clients using national currency.
1266	But in this time of improved transport and immediate communication is it fair to pile on the pressure to a community which already feels it’s played its part?
1267	But I signed my lease almost five years ago,” noted McMeekin.
1268	But Israel’s ambassador to Australia, Mark Sofer, said the decision to abstain was welcome.
1269	But is the demon that afflicts the boy born of the priest’s own sin?
1270	But it does argue that without greater will there is no chance of finding that way.
1271	But it faced few consequences.
1272	But it had retained its integrity as it was drawn to the Light.
1273	But it is not."
1274	“But it is our understanding that that is a mandate for five years and there’s no termination whatsoever in six months,” he added.
1275	But, it said that the vulnerability has moderated somewhat, as the housing market has shown signs of cooling down.
1276	But it’s also showing consumers what’s possible.
1277	But it’s a process that feels less like navel-gazing than neuroimaging.
1278	But it's important that cops also don't become trigger happy, just like it's important that soldiers do not go crazy and start killing innocents.
1279	"But it's not a club.
1280	But “it's not going to end the argument.”
1281	But it's time to tell the other truth: that many of the 'rebels' whom we in the West have been supporting are among the cruellest and most ruthless of fighters in the Middle East.
1282	But it was fun while it lasted.
1283	But it was good to see they took the program seriously and that commitment showed.”
1284	“But I was very disappointed with the turnout, given the importance of the topic.
1285	But Joshua wanted to take a different route and decided on the advertising program at Algonquin.
1286	But just three months or so after starting work at ‘Plenty’ the Stoccos told Mr Fairley they would have to leave for a short period of time.
1287	But like everyone in this comunity you want the best and let me tell you if you change the day care you will squeal like little pigs when your not happy.
1288	But little attention will be paid on expenditure over the next few days as the host nation celebrates a sensational victory which will boost hopes of progressing to the knockout stages.
1289	But Milo Sutcliffe is still recovering from his wounds.
1290	But most had not had their feet measured for five to ten years.
1291	But most have never been tried, and have simply come to the attention of the police as possible suspects.
1292	But mostly it’s because they see a Congress that works just fine for the big guys but won’t lift a finger to help them.
1293	But Mrs. Kravitz’s phone call Friday afternoon turned it into a really lousy one.
1294	But new customers mean more work.
1295	But none of those will touch what the new one — located next to the John Hoskins Community Centre — has to offer.
1296	But not all parishes are so blessed.
1297	But not a single response, and I'm certain not one person went to listen to it.
1298	But on health care I don't think personalizing it to Obama is all that useful.
1299	But on Tuesday, leaders announced it had been forced to close.
1300	But overall, at the end of the day, we believe the benefits long term will greatly outweigh the costs.
1301	But please be aware that to many women, McCain looks worse than Reagan.
1302	But plenty of people choose to take a more unconventional housing route, either to avoid a mortgage altogether, or lessen the financial strain.
1303	But prevention goes far beyond focusing solely on conflict.
1304	But prevention remains the best course to follow: You can’t get sick if you don’t have the disease.
1305	But problems don’t go away by ignoring them.
1306	But research educates the public and allows individuals to make better decisions about their sexual health and to understand one another in less stigmatizing ways.
1307	But sacrificing afar for the sake of ‘eritreanism’ one needs not to be an afar to understand it.
1308	But saying that, whenever you put a Bok jersey on, even if it is a friendly, you are still representing your country, you are still representing the hopes and dreams of your country, so it is a great responsibility.
1309	But she didn’t stop there: she’d remember you the next time.
1310	But she gave away a lot like I give away.
1311	But since his arrival in March, globetrotting Canadian chef Peter Keegan has been busy in the kitchen finding ways to make his mark as Point Grace’s new executive chef.
1312	But some of his success also owed to his comfort with the sport’s rhythms.
1313	But state refusal to enforce previously legal contracts sounds a lot less like “letting the market work” and a lot more like deliberate government action.
1314	But stopping all the benefits of the current pipeline could be very persuasive to the pockets of people in the B.C. Lower Mainland.
1315	But students comprise a vital portion of Emerson’s campus.
1316	But success will come from more than just digitising what happens currently; the digitised customer experience will need to be enhanced.
1317	But such messages have fallen on deaf ears.
1318	But tempered by austere white walls, walnut floors and dark espresso trim, the vibrant yellow bathed the room in warmth.
1319	But that is the point: Gasol and Conley are over 30, with some injury history.
1320	But that was then and this is now, I guess, and this is not a particularly sane world.
1321	But the amount of traffic meant it suffered one of its well-known outages.
1322	But the Bantayan business chamber led by chairman Arthur Despi, in a resolution, said the activity in natural seagrass beds “has already brought in certain consequences that are bound to alter the marine and coastal ecosystem of the islet of Doong.
1323	But the beat goes on, as rumors are swirling this month that Sprint and T-Mobile will soon announce plans to merge.
1324	But the biggest caveat to building an island getaway: It's been tried before.
1325	But the bottom line here is that the thought that our sitting legislators would, in essence, vote themselves out of office over time is a concept that has no chance of ever seeing the light of day, nor even a full discussion.
1326	But the capacity for the government to speed up and evacuation is limited as hundreds of thousands of people will find it difficult to pile into the already cramped makeshift camps.
1327	But the different works are not only for the public's eyes.
1328	But the efficiency the system creates in closing out the sale and reducing paperwork were also a big plus.
1329	But the Esplanade is almost a mile long in Battery Park City, and the word ‘dock’ could describe North Cove, or South Cove, or Pier A.”
1330	But the fact remains that the truth is the truth no matter how much we may disagree with it.
1331	But the increase in biomass and yields do suggest that strip-till might have a future for farmers with additional research.
1332	But the most important geopolitical outcome of the Saudi-lead Yemen intervention has been the rehabilitation of Eritrea, which capitalized on the war to escape severe political and economic isolation.
1333	But then there were many surau, masjid, madrasa, sekolah pondok, etc., all over the place that shared the profit I made.
1334	“But, then you take off the table the 8/9 center and renovating the high school” she said.
1335	But the Postal Service is forced to set aside $5.5 billion every year into its future retiree health benefits fund.
1336	But the problem arose when the Ashcroft Alliance contended that half of the total award, and not just the 40%, should be paid in US currency.
1337	“But there are a lot of countries that need to lighten up.”
1338	But there are still many exciting opportunities to be explored in the future.
1339	But there’s nothing wrong with a Bic or even matches, as long as they are kept in a waterproof container.
1340	“But the rest are just not there.”
1341	But these are the days of text messages, instant messaging, Facebook, and e-mail.
1342	But the stars of the meal are the fried falafel fritters and tzatziki that give this light lunch a perfectly Mediterranean flavor.
1343	But the truth is constant and has no loyalty to anything else but itself.
1344	“But the way in which matters have developed in this coalition is that the cabinet usurps both positions,” Ogunseye explained.
1345	But the worst scenario was the sale-out by other LGAs in Owerri zone, leaving out only three LGAs from Mbaise; Ahiazu, Ezinihitte and Aboh.
1346	But they are certainly aware that it is more difficult to get a job in the EU now than it was ten years ago.
1347	But they are not aware of what went in to getting that degree.
1348	But things were different in Bangladesh, his next stop, where he talked with Rohingya refugees.
1349	But this failed to impress the government as being sustainable.
1350	But those numbers would have been even larger without federal recovery spending and increased Medicaid enrollment, Arise Citizens’ Policy Project Executive Director Kimble Forrister said.
1351	But to him the signs point to a recruitment drive by a hacker group like Anonymous.
1352	But under state law, Kohan would have had six months after the expiration of that 14-day payment date to settle its debts and retain management of the shopping complex.
1353	But unfortunately, some of these medications are more expensive, which is why programs like MediCare often don’t cover them.
1354	But unless we quickly discover Ponce de Leon’s Fountain of Youth, you can be assured you will be there sooner or later.
1355	But unlike before, it doesn’t have the same charm it had among many Indians here in Qatar,” the manager said.
1356	But until it gets a new operator, LICH isn’t going anywhere,” he added.
1357	But up next for Cornmeal is an extensive winter tour that takes the group through the Midwest.
1358	But used in small doses, this root can be a great addition to sauces, spreads, steak or salmon, and it offers more than great flavor.
1359	“But we always meet with producers about what they need to change in the project.
1360	"But we are much closer in time to the plastic pitch debacle of 2015 than the grass tournament of 2026.
1361	But we do need to start tightening up driving laws.
1362	“But we’re going to try and do our best.”
1363	But we should also know that in difficult times like these, it is necessary to avoid unilateral judgements, excessive zeal.
1364	But we were also testing assisted sales with a few interior designers on our payroll.
1365	But what is her perfect day?
1366	But when he shared all of this, the old man just shook his head.
1367	But when it comes down to it, I love Fisherman’s Picnic.
1368	But when Sister Mary Ann came, she didn’t work at the college.
1369	But when you are not monogamous, and you have more options than the other guy, this tactic might be effective.
1370	But whether or not Zealot contains a political message can be reasonably debated.
1371	But while family members, classmates and teammates were on hand for last Friday's ceremony at the Northern Nash Gymnasium, little did anyone know that Gay had Champaign Taste.
1372	But with Nirmala Sitharaman’s heart in the right place, chances are the government will remove the cap.
1373	But with our minimum stuck far below the cost of living, thousands of Minnesotans are working full time and still fighting to make ends meet.
1374	But you can't use your phone, you can't use your computer to watch Youtube," said UBC professor Peter Graf.
1375	But you could walk in any day or night and someone would be building some apparatus or a bunch of drunk and talented musicians would be ad-libbing on the stage.
1376	“But you know what, we’ve come across something by accident and it’s healing and good for your skin.”
1377	Buying and selling and being my own boss.
1378	“Buying the salon turned into a crash course in owning a business.
1379	By 05:30 hours, ministers, senior government officials and other dignitaries had gathered at Lusaka International Airport to see off President Banda.
1380	By 1914, it had cost Newfoundland nearly $23 million.
1381	By Betsy Kitchen Summer is synonymous with construction.
1382	By branding the group a terrorist organization, the U.S. government is freezing any assets Jabhat al-Nusra holds in the United States and barring Americans from doing business with the group.
1383	By bringing that conversation online, you can empower the community, connect those conversations, and begin to rebuild our civic infrastructure.
1384	By Courteney Kauffmann Staff Writer Solving math problems can come easy to some, but can be extremely difficult for others to manage.
1385	By design, no one knows what happened at that meeting.
1386	By ERIC A. HOWALD Of the Keizertimes If voters approve a $619.7 million Salem-Keizer School.
1387	By fighting to keep music classes funded, you can keep the music from dying out in public schools.
1388	“By focusing on these key initiatives, we remain confident that we are positioning ourselves to create long-term value for our shareholders,” he added.
1389	“By forming a legal services company fully approved by the Solicitors Regulation Authority, we can trade with anybody, although our focus is limited to organisations within the public and not-for-profit sectors where we have proven expertise.
1390	By having a balanced budget it makes it much more financially viable for this state to take on big infrastructure projects.
1391	By Joseph Domelowicz Jr. The Wynn Casino and Resort complex may be delayed by an appeal of state permits, but elsewhere in Everett progress continues toward the eventual construction and opening of that new attraction.
1392	By June of 2009, support for business and communities had ballooned to $13.6 billion, with 71% going to the immediate bail-out of General Motors and Chrysler.
1393	By lap eight of 57, Hamilton was up to fourth and homing in on a 119th career podium.
1394	By lawyers to sift through more than one million legal documents per second and find relevant information for cases: New associates spend one-third of their time looking at laws, prior cases, and legal journals, according to a study cited by IBM.
1395	By Lewis S. Teh And Jonathan BrowneThe Chief Executive Officer or CEO of Cooper Farm, a Liberian-owned business says solution to growth and development in Liberia lies in manufacturing products for exportation.
1396	By Marlys Good What a great way to kick off the 2017 net season.
1397	By now, the policies of the 1977 Government should have been revisited to help the economic wellbeing of the citizens of this country, and not those of other countries.
1398	By one estimate, there are a quarter million vehicles in the U.S. with phony air bags.
1399	By Professional Analyst - Canada, 28.07.2012.
1400	“By reducing payload the plane could fly further,” said Richard Aboulafia, an aviation analyst at consultant Teal Group in Fairfax, Virginia.
1401	By Sadiq Umar – Nigeria’s opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has cried foul over the release of 105 out of the 110 Dapchi Schoolgirls abducted by the Boko Haram insurgents, alleging complicity of the Federal Government in the abduction saga.
1402	By Sarah Wang For many people around the world, May is a time of flowers, fresh spring, and possibly allergies; for many American high school students, May is a time of studying, stress, and anxiety: AP testing.
1403	By Sophia Carnevale Arts and Entertainment Editor If the crazy rush of black friday and Cyber Monday wore you out on capitalism, then give back for Giving Tuesday today!
1404	By that standard, you can learn a lot about Ron Saxton.
1405	By the act of participating as a candidate, they enrich our society, ensure all points of view can gain some attention, raise uncomfortable issues, support the idea of civic engagement and they may even entertain us.
1406	By the end of 1895, there were two railways serving the mines (one American and one Canadian) and a smelter built down the hill in Trail.
1407	By the end of 2014, ISAF had reported the total of those killed-in-action as 3,485 – with highs during the US surge in 2009 (521), 2010 (711) and 2011 (566).
1408	By the end of February 2018 this figure had increase to 938 young people living in emergency accommodation in Ireland.
1409	By the following spring, however, he had started to give himself a little wiggle room, stating: "The.
1410	By then, the sailing is usually smooth, the glitches gone.
1411	By the time Trump Jr. made his now-famous comment in September 2008, cash-paying shell companies had bought $43 million worth of condos at the Trump International Hotel and Tower Chicago and at the Trump International Hotel Las Vegas.
1412	By the Wayne Morse standard, what counts is to be on the right side of a moral issue--whether you win or lose.
1413	By virtue of his skin color and perceived wealth, in Mthaha, he always stood out.
1414	“Cabinet has the right to carefully consider any recommendations prepared for its consideration before it is placed so carelessly in the public domain - without regard for the undue speculation and stress created as a result.”
1415	CaboVerdeOnline.com has its headquarters in Brockton, MA, USA and is supported by an affiliated company in Praia, Cabo Verde.
1416	Cage could not leave Kazakhstan without becoming a meme.
1417	Call 812-431-1161 or 812-838-0570 please leave message.
1418	CALLUM Newsham is hoping to follow in his father's footsteps by making a big impact in British motor racing.
1419	Camagüey, Cuba, Feb 20.- The female presence in the countryside is encapsulated in the work "Mujer en la Ventana" (Woman in the Window), by painting master Rene de la Torre, part of an exhibition today in this Cuban city.
1420	Cameroon Government is avoiding the compensation, the investigations into the torture, they are avoiding the review.
1421	Camp director Dawn Willard-Robinson and Tyler Cary joined Craig Colson with the details.
1422	Campos’ bail was set at $250,000.00, Castillo’s bail was set at $75,000.00.
1423	Camp Spring Creek also serves as an outreach provider that brings awareness of dyslexia and trains local teachers by giving them strategies to use in the classroom.
1424	Camp Verde Chamber of Commerce Director Tracie Schimikowsky said she knew of only one business in town that had participated so far.
1425	Cam Ranh international airport is expected to unveil a new international terminal to bring in more overseas visitors to the country this May.
1426	Canada can play a leading role in preventing the sale and distribution of so-called "blood" diamonds, jewellers say.
1427	Canadian hip hop artist Classified and Margaret Trudeau will also be among those taking the stage for the event at the Scotiabank Centre in the city's downtown.
1428	Canadian Solar Inc. (NASDAQ:CSIQ) recently announced that their subsidiary, Canadian Solar Solution Inc., has sold Brockville, a 10-megawatt AC solar power plant, that is valued at over C$55 million, to TransCanada Corporation.
1429	Cane furniture, which until now was predominantly used only as garden furniture, has now acquired a new definition.
1430	Can it not be amended suitably to alleviate their sufferings?
1431	Can Obama still close Guantánamo?
1432	Can one’s immune system fight off any bacteria that gets into the bloodstream?
1433	Can someone please explain the electoral college?
1434	Can't help trying to take a little credit for your work, can you, Tulpa?
1435	Can they be seen as parts of the same global movement?
1436	CAN you tell the future?
1437	Capital gains and other returns are a form of income, for example, and they've arguably been of rising income inequality since at least the 1990s.
1438	Capitol Bureau Chief Ben Adler has news on the renter revolt, California's Governors race and the deployment of the California National Guard to the state's border with Mexico.
1439	CAPP and the top one-percenters who own politicians does not constitute the will of the people.
1440	Capricornia girls players Kirralee Costelloe, Lilly Peachey and Lydia Durkin also earned state honours after their team finished third.
1441	Card-carrying Liberals, NDP and Conservatives won’t change their votes regardless of what comes out during the campaign.
1442	Caringi then entered and induced a flyout to leave the bases loaded in a one-run game.
1443	Carl Haglund, rapporteur for the Fisheries Agreement and also member of the budget committee, added that “this deal does not benefit EU tax payers.
1444	Carl McClelland Jr., 46, of Topeka, was arrested while at the Riley County Police Department on March 24 at approximately 3:40 p.m. McClelland was arrested on a Manhattan Municipal Court warrant for failure to appear.
1445	Carlos's sense of humour was infectious and he narrated many interesting tales and episodes.
1446	Carmike Cinema 14 in Fort Smith invites families to take advantage of its Summer Kids Series.
1447	Carol E. Heckman, of East Aurora, has been appointed to the board of directors of the Catholic Health System.
1448	Carol Gikunda: If eating a mixture of boiled maize and beans can get you somewhere, then a pussy should take you even far.
1449	Carroll moved to Burnet County in 1963 and married August Hahn Dec 18, 1965 and had three sons.
1450	Carroll quarterback Blake Bowman outruns a gaggle of Patrick County defenders en route to a 158-yard rushing performance on Sept. 3, part of the Cavaliers' 560 rushing yards on the night.
1451	Carson City native Rachel Lindgren was a winning contestant on the popular TV quiz-show “Jeopardy!” for five straight matches.
1452	• Cast selected for spring musical “Working”
1453	Casualty estimates for the Lees Ferry site are twenty-seven permanent residents and 320 temporarily at Lees Ferry associated with rafting.
1454	Catchable-sized tiger trout have been stocked in Corn, Chalk and Oak creeks.
1455	Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge visits the Anna Freud Centre, Sept. 17, 2015, in London.
1456	Catholic began its win over Marvin Ridge with a 26-7 run to get a cushion; Christian (22-8, 9-1 CISAA) burst out of the gate as well, going on a 24-0 run in the first half of a 78-34 win over Covenant Day.
1457	Catholic Media Productions hopes in the future to raise the antenna, which is located atop the Villa Maria Manor building on White Bridge Road, to increase its coverage area, Bosio said.
1458	Catholic schools exist to evangelize.
1459	Catterton has partnered with luxury brands including Restoration Hardware, Baccarat, PIRCH, and Frederic Fekkai to name a few.
1460	Cayman 27’s Philipp Richter goes back to the barbershop to meet up with him.
1461	Cayman hosts the newly formed Caribbean Association of Prosecutors' first meeting, with a forensic workshop as its highlight, on Thursday and Friday, 14-15 June at the Marriott Resort on Grand Cayman.
1462	CBS, our national censor It’s an annual ritual.
1463	Cde Ruth Chinamano was awarded a scholarship to study at St Matthew’s College, an Anglican mission school in Keiskamahoek, in the Cape Province.
1464	CEDARVILLE — Trevor King scored 30 points to lead South Charleston Southeastern to an 84-51 win over host Cedarville on Friday, Jan.
1465	Celebrate a lively Mother’s Day weekend with food, entertainment, and child-friendly outdoor activities.
1466	Centennial leads to closures in Roosevelt Dam area.
1467	Centrally located in London’s dazzling theatre land in Piccadilly, has been serving authentic Indonesian food for decades.
1468	Certainly, God has put them there not only to inform Christians about how they relate to civil governments, but also in order that people with governmental responsibilities could know what God Himself expects of them.
1469	Certainly not a new situation here in rural Fulton County, township and county officials are starting to log a number of all-terrain vehicle infractions and complaints ranging from noise to dirt.
1470	Certainly not the first time that this has happened, and they still turned out to be a fantastic shows.
1471	“Certainly the Maduro administration may be trying to demonstrate that Venezuela is still a player in the global energy space,” said Patrick Duddy, the last accredited U.S. ambassador in Venezuela.
1472	CG Foster & Sons, based in the Stoke area of the city, makes curtains and seating upholstery.
1473	Chain businesses recover easily … local businesses do not.”
1474	Chairman Corlew tells reporters it’s important to keep our highways as safe as possible for every motorist.
1475	•Chairman Dove — approval by board of two contracts from GA Food Service dated Dec. 18, 2008.
1476	Chairwoman Keehan-Smith said there have been recent fatalities along Northern Boulevard as well.
1477	Chalk it up to inertia or entrenchment, to basic fatigue or some resigned recognition of the inevitable.
1478	Chameleon said it was able to bid on the contract because it is a minority-owned small-business contractor.
1479	Chanel’s head of beauty (right) is known for her bold, disruptive use of colour.
1480	Chan expressed confidence that Brazil can host the Rio Olympics safely despite the Zika threat.
1481	Change at Starbucks; Apple near $1 trillion; RBS saleJun 05 / CNNMoney.
1482	Changing the Game: Is cost the biggest factor in Canada’s evolving sports culture?
1483	Chaos ensues as emergency vehicles and first responders arrive on the scene and desperately attempt to save the young lives.
1484	CHAPEL HILL -- Since the creation of the NEW 6 3-A Conference, Rocky Mount and Wilson Fike have been fighting it out for overall sports supremacy -- with Fike coming away the winner the first two years of the league’s existence.
1485	Character is a complex issue.
1486	Characters are no longer one dimensional.
1487	Charge smokers a deposit on filter tips - TheBulletin.
1488	Charlie Pope has signed up for re-election to the city council.
1489	• Chase – A fox chase was held recently from the old baseball diamond along Pine Street at the northeastern edge of town.
1490	Chaudhry’s lawyer, Anand Singh had filed originating summons and was seeking declarations that the 2013 constitution and the Electoral Decree were not in force when his client was found to have committed offences under the Exchange Control Act.
1491	Cheap and easy entertainment sprinkled with heavy doses of social moralising and religious content became the staple on Pakistani game shows.
1492	Cheap labour and dangerous factories aren't proper for our Canadian children but let's take full advantage of the working poor in China.
1493	Chemainus Theatre is mounting Les Misérables from June 20 through September 7. The 2012 film version has brought a new generation of fans to this 1980 show based on Victor Hugo’s 1862 literary masterpiece.
1494	Chicago July wheat is a good study in how this has failed this year.
1495	Chief administration officer Martin Taylor agreed, saying that is why, on his own initiative, he decided to submit an application for a similar federal government award.
1496	Chief Con Veale said “judge’s rules” was the primary legislation when he joined the force in 1984, describing them as “very free, so police powers were extreme probably in comparison to what we have now”.
1497	Chief Obafemi Awolowo, one of the nominated 50 Wise Men, declined to serve.
1498	Chief Rick Kells charged Candice Riess, 55, of Dry Ridge, with theft by unlawful taking/shoplifting at 9:30 a.m. April 4 on Ferguson Boulevard.
1499	Children at Runcorn from St Michael’s CP School, Widnes.
1500	Children can be seriously hurt by a wrong click.
1501	Children’s services in Tower Hamlets are ‘significantly improving’
1502	Chimo was also well represented by several interclub and high school girls who presented themselves proudly in this performanc-based program.
1503	China has agreed to set up a tractor manufacturing plant in Sri Lanka.
1504	China has ranked as the best developing country in Asia for children to grow up in for the second year in a row as it continues to make progress in child well-being, according to a new report by Save the Children.
1505	China is one of America’s largest trading partners; their predatory behavior is unacceptable,” he said.
1506	"China's behavior is inconsistent with the principles and purposes of the RIMPAC exercise," a Pentagon spokesman said in a statement at the time.
1507	China's first peacekeeping helicopter detachmentconsists of a flying company, a maintenance company and a support company with140 peacekeepers and 4 Mi-171 multi-purpose helicopters from an aviation brigade under the PLA Army's 81st Combined Corps.
1508	China’s third-largest insurer is eyeing Belt and Road-related investments but pursues a different strategy to its bigger peer by seeking indirect exposure.
1509	China wants to make its currency part of the global currency basket of the IMF.
1510	"China would remain fidgety if the three parties discuss a peace treaty issue among them, with its role possibly being reduced," he added.
1511	Chinese Defense Minister Chang Wanquan Thursday met Mark Sedwill, Britain's National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister.
1512	Chinese insurers have been ordered to ensure that their capital investments into public-private partnership PPP schemes do not turn out to be debt exposures, as authorities worry about.
1513	“Chitty Chitty Bang Bang” presented multiple challenges, one being the task to create a life-sized car that moves and seems to be flying with just the push of a button.
1514	Choi hit a pinch-hit double and crossed home plate for the go-ahead run in the top of the 12th inning, as the Brewers defeated the San Diego Padres 2-1 at Petco Park in San Diego, California, on Thursday (local time).
1515	Choi Hyunsoo, spokeswoman for Seoul's Ministry, said the military will announce the schedule for the joint drills after the Pyeongchang Paralympics, which start Friday and run through March 18.
1516	Chondrites are some of the oldest space rocks left over from the formation of our solar system and contains iron.
1517	Choose a costume with historic significance, whether it be a 1960s flower child or a medieval princess, a 1950s greaser or a Roman soldier.
1518	CHP took over the chase when it returned to the freeways.
1519	Chris Beard and the Red Raiders have the Ric Flair mentality.
1520	Chris Munce rides Snoopy in a jump-out at Eagle Farm.
1521	Christian Josz also said that Iraq is basically an oil exporter country and decrease in the value of Iraqi dinar will not degrade for a long period of time in its overall trade.
1522	Christine Beyleveldt // Campus Life Editor Illustration by Pamella Pinard Knowing the signs of an…
1523	Christine Lampard leaves viewers seriously confused after interviewing 'long lost twin'
1524	Christopher Monette, director of public affairs with Teamsters Canada, says the union will continue to negotiate ahead of the deadline.
1525	Chunghwa Telecom says starting from the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games, which is scheduled in the early morning of August 6th Taipei time, Elta TV on MOD will.
1526	Churchill’s legacy has not suffered since.
1527	“Cillian is lovely.
1528	CIM/CAM is not the reason that Oregon public education is underfunded, Republicans are the reason.
1529	Cirque Legacy is a traveling act, going all over the country, but this is their first time in Grand Junction.
1530	Citizens may submit their complaints by also sending an SMS to the short code 8020.
1531	“Citizen watchdogs still don’t get subpoena power, access to evidence or the ability to question witnesses when officers are accused of misconduct.”
1532	City budget director Ed Stankiewicz told councillors the increase is needed to maintain existing services, pay some increased costs in delivery programs mandated by the province, and to pay for the city's infrastructure.
1533	City Council to Mayor Rahm: I'm your puppet!
1534	City Utilities’ water distribution system currently includes 1,403 miles of water pipe; 355 of those miles are beyond their useful life.
1535	Clark remembers many times that he has worked closely with the community.
1536	Clark would not identify the man because the investigation is being handled by the task force, but he said he was a Bardstown resident and he was alone at the time he was captured.
1537	Classes will be held in the Medical Office, Ste.
1538	Class on Filming & Editing coming up in the Spring.
1539	Clean-up follows, along with showers and getting dressed for the day.
1540	'Clearly there’s been a lot of activity, and it’s on the uptick now,' a US official and expert on Central America, told the newspaper.
1541	Clear your record with the FASTEST PARDON in Canada, for the LOWEST PRICE!
1542	Cleveland Dam, another City Council park, is on the outskirts of Harare on the Mutare Road.
1543	Click here to view the grave site.
1544	Cliff moved to Wilmington to invest.
1545	Clifford Jordan Tyson, of Brunswick was found dead at home during week of March 30, 2015.
1546	Cllr Rob Prowse added: “Although the northern roundabout has been given the all clear in terms of congestion and everything else it still does give me concerns.”
1547	Clothing $5 per bag with lots of miscellaneous items, housewares, decorations, kitchenware and small appliances.
1548	Cloverdale’s annual Chili Cook-Off is coming to town next Friday evening.
1549	Clublink’s press release indicated that they would not fight the cultural heritage landscape designation of Glen Abbey Golf Course.
1550	Coach didn’t anticipate that products with prominent logos had come back in fashion, and its outlets failed to stock enough of the merchandise last quarter.
1551	Coach Ginger Colvin's team fought back from a double-digit deficit to send the game into overtime.
1552	Coach John Frazier’s Raiders will be back in action next Friday, Sept. 15, in a non-district game at Sabine.
1553	Cobblestone Capital Advisors Llc bought 8,314 shares as the company’s stock rose 4.63% while stock markets declined.
1554	Coca cultivation is the only sustainable source of income for many in the VRAEM, including Omar’s family.
1555	Cockerill said "It was a good win and we are happy to get back on track.
1556	Cocktails incorporate chacha, a Georgian brandy, and traditional ingredients like walnuts and tarragon,” reads the article.
1557	Cody had a contagious smile, a very large heart and would do anything to help people.
1558	Cold Lake Outreach student Isaac Carhart is hoping to pursue welding, and was pleased to get the chance to see what else is available.
1559	Cole added that as the days get longer and the opportunity to spend more time outdoors, the Fourth Friday Fairs turn up at an opportune time to provide fun for all ages.
1560	Collaboration across borders and industries, not being too narrow-minded about who you can learn from in order to produce new solutions from outside of the box.
1561	Collado said she is confident in the decision to hire Cornish.
1562	Colombia found itself needing to change in order to keep up with its South American neighbours.
1563	Colombian President Andres Pastrana says rebels of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, known as the FARC, have until Jan.
1564	Colorado golfer Yannik Paul was named first-team All-Pac-12 and leads or is tied for team lead in 21 statistical categories.
1565	Colorado native Zackery Rago stars in Netflix's new documentary Chasing Coral.
1566	Colorful chairs line brand new, light-colored wooden tables in Independence Elementary School’s newly renovated media center.
1567	Color is a new venture for the show, said Miss Helen Zakarian, publicity director for the Sacred Heart Program.
1568	Col Panji said he was of the view of finding a way of UNIP working together with others but that had not been recognised.
1569	Combine and pour into your prepared tin.
1570	“Combine that with the fact that we encourage alternative transportation like walking and biking, which means we need to consider what needs to be done for safety.”
1571	Comedian Shakalaka Shankar is trying his luck as leading man after many other comedians failed to have lengthy careers as successful heroes.
1572	Come on show us your integrity and simply resign!
1573	Come over and collect wearing apparels and a staff for him.
1574	Come spring, shoppers often ask, “What gift should I get Mom for Mother’s Day?”
1575	Come to play us where when we don’t even have a proper turf?
1576	Comey headed an investigative agency; he had no authority to exercise prosecutorial discretion – to decide whether charges got filed.
1577	"Comfort women" is the euphemism for women forced to serve in military brothels serving Japanese soldiers before and during World War Two.
1578	Commenting on Washington’s “concerns,” Grille referred to the 2016 US presidential elections which resulted in Donald Trump’s victory, despite the fact that more Americans voted for his political opponent Hillary Clinton.
1579	COMMISSIONER for Local Government, Delta State, Mr. Newworld Safugha, has said that his on-going inspection of local government projects across the state was to verify those that have been completed but yet to be paid for.
1580	Committee on Urban Planning – Sen. Ferdinand Marcos Jr.
1581	Commonwealth’s Attorney Terry Geoghegan praised the jury for its decision.
1582	Communities face a range of climate-related hazards: shrinking glaciers and water reservoirs; a higher incidence of diseases spread by mosquitos and floods; as well as more frequent flash floods, forest fires and landslides.
1583	Community activists, however, remain dismayed, as the house is just one of many preservation-related issues facing the neighborhood.
1584	Community actors of all abilities and ages make up the merry ensemble.
1585	Community and collaboration were major focuses as a necessity to implement new healthy food systems and make real changes.
1586	Community frustration is growing at the continuing number of unplanned “recloser trips” being experienced almost on a weekly basis.
1587	Company of Voices is a group of 18 friends who enjoy singing together and sharing the music to raise funds for local worthy causes.
1588	Compared to General Azazi, Sambo is a dwarf: a junior officer who retired almost two decades ago as a colonel.
1589	Compared to those early years of lot-buying, lots and fincas around Manantiales today are quoted at prices that are multiples of what they would have fetched in the past, Giraldo told us.
1590	Compatriot Carlos Sainz was third fastest for Renault, after losing time to a gearbox problem in the morning.
1591	Compliments like these really keep our spirits high!
1592	“Concern about Iran has oil up, taking energy stocks up and helping out the whole market,” said Erik Davidson, chief investment officer at Wells Fargo Private Bank.
1593	• Concise Beverage Flexible Packaging Market study supported major nation-states.
1594	Concurrently, JBG expects to break even on its ‘US$10 million’Haiti investment by November.
1595	Condominium towers — some pricier than others — surround Maule Lake.
1596	Conducting economic surveys in poor or conflict-prone countries can be expensive and dangerous.
1597	Congrats are in order to the good folks of the podcast for being nominated for the Conference.
1598	Congratulations to Uzalo for winning the Golden Horn Award for Most Popular TV Soap and Telenovela in the public voting category!
1599	Conifer’s Venue Theatre opens Friday with the favored musical “Thoroughly Modern Millie.”
1600	Conrada (Cantu) Gonzales, 77, of Gonzales, Texas passed away on Wednesday, Jan.
1601	Considering how much we enjoyed everything else throughout the evening, though, it may have been for the best.
1602	Considering that communication between Kaunas and Vilnius is of high significance for Lithuania, it is also proposed to append the project and to strive for a branch of the European gauge track to be laid between the two cities.
1603	Considering the unmitigated claims by EU members to finance more assistance and approve a higher financial stimulus to generate sustainable jobs, it is no surprise that we need to save our pennies in order to better job creation.
1604	Consider the issue from the buyer’s perspective- They are looking for a home in a foreign country so thinking about having to find a good contractor can be quite daunting.
1605	Construction of the assembly plant will be completed in 2019 and the company will receive seven-year tax exemption.
1606	Construction on Scott County's Great Crossing High School is on schedule despite losing about 15 days this winter due to frigid temperatures.
1607	Consumer advocate Wendy Armstrong of Edmonton isn’t surprised to see these sorts of delays now happening in BC.
1608	Contact the Business Development Division on 24296 to register as seats are limited.
1609	Content tagged with "Crossrail"
1610	CONTEST QUESTION 2: Who built the original Marriott Palace?
1611	Continue reading "The controversy of funerals in Bamenda" »
1612	Continue to avoid simple sugars and starches, but allow more vegetables and some, but not excess, fruits.
1613	Continue your diet throughout Ramadan iftars and suhoors to remain healthy.
1614	Continuing issues "have not persisted and the improvements have had very positive effects.
1615	Continuing with “La Danse De Mardi Gras,” Campbell remarked, “This is a song that everyone sings at Mardi Gras as he ratcheted up the intensity singing.
1616	CONTROVERSIAL plans submitted by a council-owned company to build six storey block of flats in place of a car park are being recommended for approval.
1617	Controversy aside, Kirk says that the last year has been “amazingly successful.”
1618	Convinced that Truxton was simply out of shape for that race, Jackson bet heavy money on the rematch.
1619	Cooked with steam, they’re more delicately prepared and the process helps to retain the egg’s nutrients.
1620	Cooke’s film, “Meditation,” is about a monk’s realization of self.
1621	“Cook, go home,” she said.
1622	COPENHAGEN, PARIS, 1. Dec 2017, 08:22When we picture the vectors for new European ambition, we see universities and higher education communities as the right vector to be focusing at.
1623	Coping with the Holidays Grief Workshop.
1624	Corinne Holly Fischer and Richard McAlister Deans were united in marriage on September 5, 2015 at 5:30 p.m. in Red Oak.
1625	Coronation Street stars Nicola Thorp and Charlie de Melo swap cobbles drama for the red carpet - Manchester.
1626	Correction: The article now says Spain aims to replace its F18 jet, not F16, as previously reported.
1627	Corrine Brown is asking the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals to allow her to remain free on bond while she appeal her conviction.
1628	Corruption, as we came to know, is under total control.
1629	Could, for instance, their family practitioners deliver babies at SEARHC?
1630	Could that anger have been redirected?
1631	Could There Be Just One Protagonist?
1632	Could we blame them for such thoughts?
1633	Council adopts the new corporate plan.
1634	Councillor Josh Schumann, chairman of the commercial and investment committee that took the decision to close during a confidential session, admitted times are tough.
1635	Councillor Mary Murphy stated the Eurocan Fire Department trained with the fire department and even then, the burn building had to be replaced.
1636	Councillor Phil Germuth stated there have been noise concerns brought to him by people from Cablecar.
1637	Country music superstar Naomi Judd will speak about overcoming depression and suicidal thoughts at a luncheon on Tuesday, June 19, at the Roostertail in Detroit.
1638	County social service staffers worked out of a tent set up in the parking lot.
1639	County winners from Galway, Mayo and Roscommon pitched their new, start-up and established business ideas to judges, with the winners announced at the end of the pitching day.
1640	Courtesy runner Kaleb Fowler replaced Woodhams on base.
1641	Coverage plans from Apple and Samsung don’t cover loss or theft.
1642	Cover tightly and leave overnight in refrigerator, allowing mayonnaise to permeate the whole thing.
1643	Covington coach Tyler Cates is excited to see Schmelzer join the list of former Buccaneers who have played under him receive an opportunity at the collegiate level.
1644	Cox’s strong second-place showing in the state’s primary system, whereby the top two vote-getters advance to general election regardless of party, is good news for the GOP and conservatives for various reasons.
1645	Crawford is known for the development of Larimer Square, the Oxford Hotel and Denver Union Station.
1646	• Create a contract.
1647	Creating the right organisation is less about structure, which focuses on roles, responsibilities and rules, and more about capabilities, which focuses on talent, leadership, and culture.
1648	Credito Valtellinese, the Lombard bank which is raising capital to meet requirements of the European Central Bank, has announced that investors have taken 83% of its pre-emptive rights issue, with several firms anchoring the deal.
1649	Credits transfer within the system, and some 28 core academic courses transfer to Georgia’s public colleges and universities.
1650	Crestline’s Lady Bulldogs season saw their home-opening doubleheader with the Northmor Lady Golden Knights, scheduled back on Saturday, March 24, cancelled.
1651	Crew members and leaders have been working through an incident management training program.
1652	Crime Prevention and Architectural Liaison officer PC John Gisbourne said people living in the community had been consulted about the changes, and this had helped ensure the best improvements had been made.
1653	Crispin takes it by the jugular and shakes it for all it’s worth.
1654	Cristiano Ronaldo scored from the spot to send the holders through, with Oliver and his wife subsequently the target of social media abuse from upset fans.
1655	Critics have accused the government of a witch hunt, noting that there is no concrete evidence connecting the two former premiers and eight former ministers to the scandal.
1656	Critics say that the administration is not exploring all options.
1657	Crowds of Malawians had heckled the two during court hearings, with some saying that 14 years of hard labor, the maximum possible sentence, was not long enough.
1658	Culp, who has transitioned back to a vegetarian diet, is attempting to return to a vegan diet as it becomes an easier way to live as more stores and restaurants become accommodating to this diet.
1659	Cunningham said there would be no comment from his office on that, either.
1660	Cupcakes were also sold, with a portion of the sales going back to the school.
1661	“Currencies are reacting quite calmly, as China is still seen to have enough reserve strength for further fiscal spending,” said Masahiro Ichikawa, senior strategist at Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management in Tokyo.
1662	Currency collapse could happen quickly.
1663	Current law allows those guilty of hazing to receive a fine between $10 to $100 and a maximum 30 days in jail.
1664	Currently, he works as a district manager for Nestle.
1665	Currently no such provision is available, leaving MPs to have to work out case-by-case leave scenarios with their parties.
1666	Currently, the project has a five-year term on its funding, but it could be renewed for the another five years.
1667	Currently there are only 195 emergency beds and 145 transitional housing beds available in the region.
1668	Currently there are two applicants and one more pending.
1669	Currently, when a tank does not pass inspection, the department is notified.
1670	Customers say they found a good deal at a used appliance store in Springfield.
1671	“Cutting in, wonderful curl, no chance whatsoever for Lawrence Thomas.”
1672	Cytonn is already a leader in middle income housing and investment management, and this natural progression into education will be built around the same core value of excellence and delivering with integrity.
1673	Dads had so much fun with their daughters at the annual Dads and Daughters Ball at the Brooklyn Children’s Museum that moms were feeling a bit left out.
1674	Dagsboro resident Pam Browne is looking forward to the fair, where she and her cousin, Millsboro resident Renee Valeski, will once again share their “deco-mesh” wreaths.
1675	Dakota has been a frontline guy — he’s faced good teams, so his numbers don’t show it, but a team like this he would dominate without question,” Davis said.
1676	Dallas Morning News – (The) Singapore summit between President Donald Trump and North Korea’s leader Kim Jung Un could have been a disaster, and it wasn’t.
1677	Dangme West and Dangme East have a density of 1.6 persons per room, the lowest in the region.
1678	Daniel Rossen gets by without a little help from his friends.
1679	Daniels’ legal team notes America’s highest court found in that case that the “constitution does not offer a sitting President significant protections from potentially distracting civil litigation”.
1680	Daniels says ending the practice of money bail is the first step in addressing the irony of budgeting practices that aim to benefit the same communities hit hardest by the so-called "user-funded" criminal justice system.
1681	Danny met Susan at Cascades Golf Course in 1980, and the couple married in her grandfather’s orchard in Thompson, Ohio, in 1982.
1682	Dan Sullivan scored 22 points and Chris Barnett added 16 as the Raiders rolled to a 73-33 win.
1683	Darryl Carter’s new concepts for Baker bring a refined clarity and freshness to traditional crafts and fine artisan traditions.
1684	Dashcam video from Deputy Josh Gordon's vehicle of a traffic stop shows suspect Timothy Thomas opening fire on Gordon, who was hit in the chest.
1685	Data from the SA Revenue Services (Sars) yesterday showed that the country’s trade surplus decreased to R8.9billion in July from a downwardly revised R10.5bn surplus in June, as both imports and exports showed significant declines.
1686	Dave Golding, the Aberdeen Fire Department Battalion Chief, said they didn’t yet know what caused the fire, but they would know more once investigators were able to go inside.
1687	Dave Moye, executive director of the West Virginia Troopers Association said "The whole organization of the State Police has broken down."
1688	David Cameron has been Prime Minister of the country since 2010 and had no intentions of running for a third term in office in the 2020 general election.
1689	David Carpenter of Cumberland broke the crowd into groups of four for prayer.
1690	David loved bing outdoors and doing things with his friends.
1691	David Warner, who was also involved, is expected to play in Canada.
1692	DAVIES: You said the president hated when people called him aloof.
1693	Davina says she was angry at what her husband and daughter were dealing with and for herself.
1694	Davis told deputies that when he refused to turn onto Davidson Way as the hitchhiker demanded, the suspect pointed a gun at him and forced him to stop and exit the 2007 Subaru Impreza.
1695	DA will support the Upper School construction with internal financing ahead of a more comprehensive capital campaign to support the Middle School renovation.
1696	DAY 7 RIO DE JANEIRO Carry on by private van to Rio de Janeiro for free time to explore the city using our centrally located hotel in Copacabana as a base.
1697	Days later, on a Sunday morning, thousands of peaceful demonstrators opposed to vandals defacing Brooklyn’s Adam Yauch Park overwhelmed the playground, smiling, hand-clapping, and carrying placards with messages of peace and love.
1698	Daytime lane closures from east of State Road 53 (Exit 258) to the Suwannee County line for paving.
1699	Dayton Ogaldez, has served the Belize Police Department as a Police Constable for the last fourteen years.
1700	DCA spokesperson Abigail Lootens, in an email, said the agency is closely reviewing the comptroller’s EITC proposition.
1701	DCOP Dejoe said adequate security measures have been put in place to maintain law and order.
1702	Dead was a 37-year-old man with the last name of Garcia.
1703	Deals include $10 buckets of beer, half-price drafts, $5 wines, two-for-one oysters,$7 pizzas and dive burgers, and more.
1704	Deanna Chase of Novato, a trainer for the group, has been involved since 2011.
1705	Dear Diary: Holding the sparkler was scary, but it was beautiful.
1706	Dear Editor: I must be the first to confess that there is much that I do not like about the United States, but will also be the first to confess that there is much I love about it.
1707	Dear, who has showed no remorse in any of his court hearings to date, has called himself a "warrior for the babies" and claimed he was being followed by the FBI.
1708	Debbie was born August 23, 1953 in Lowell, Massachusetts.
1709	Dedrickson’s Sumi-e collection “Soul of Soil,” inspired by the ancient Chinese and Japanese art form of Black Ink on Paper, is contemporary and strikingly distinctive.
1710	Deep cuts in 2013 led to a number of homelessness specialist services in the ACT cutting staff or closing their doors.
1711	Defense leaders are still working with the White House and the Border States to iron out the details for deploying troops.
1712	Defining the problem is what we have not done.
1713	Delegations from ACS Member and Associate Member Countries have also confirmed attendance.
1714	Delhi — Visit the Delaware County Historical Association (DCHA) on Saturday, March 12 at 2:00 p.m. as the museum sponsors a reading and book signing by author Michael Keene.
1715	… delightful in its planning for that new world—that world of economic justice, eradication of profit, of competition for profit.
1716	Demanding impartial probe by some international agencies, Geelani said “it is crime against humanity and, as such, Major Gogoi like criminals should be awarded a stringent punishment.”
1717	Democracy is a difficult task.
1718	Democracy is a system which works through institutions, which act as levers through which the great democratic machine is driven.
1719	“Democracy is sustained and measured not by leaders doing extra-ordinary things, (invariably, leaders fail to do ordinary things very well), but by citizens rising up to do ordinary things extra-ordinarily well.
1720	“Democracy works best when we all get involved.
1721	Democratic lawmakers attempted to tamp down the bill and ease worries for immigrant communities and local police.
1722	“Democrats and Republicans say they are bracing to wait days or even weeks before knowing the winners of some of the most closely contested contests, particularly House primaries.
1723	Denim is the hottest fabric around at the moment and Kim Collins from Ann Normandy shares her tips on working with this fabric.
1724	“Density will be better aligned next to four-lane and six-lane roads, where they should be to maintain and better manage the traffic for those higher-density areas.”
1725	Department of Education Legazpi City Schools Division Superintendent Cesar H. Medina confirmed that classes have been suspended in least 10 public elementary and high schools due to the power service interruption.
1726	Depending on the weather the new roof installation should take about two weeks.
1727	Deportations have been down every year since 2008.
1728	Depositors have been spending most of their productive time queuing at banks and the $500 limit may yet worsen the situation as people queue at banking halls and automated teller machines to retrieve a maximum of $71 dollars a day.
1729	Deputies were assisted on scene by Oregon State Police troopers, Redmond Police officers, and Oregon Department of Transportation personnel.
1730	Deputy Commissioner of Police (East) Ajay Chaudhry said: “We have some definite leads in the case and hope to crack it soon.”
1731	Deputy Superintendent Police (DSP) Shabqadar has confirmed that more than 70 people including FC soldiers have lost their lives in the deadly explosions.
1732	“Derek’s arguments in favour of a race realist perspective are sound, informed, and quite frankly excellent,” writes Spencer Quinn in Counter Currents Publishing, a white-nationalist blog.
1733	Derham sent down eight overs, two of which were maidens and finished with 1 for 41 in his first spell at this level.
1734	Dero Matthew Maples, Jr., 79, passed away on Friday, Feb. 24, in Iowa Park.
1735	Desalination: Do We Still Need Rain?
1736	Describing who she really is, she said “I am a very principled person.
1737	Despite all this, fans and their passion remain strong.
1738	Despite being convicted on bribery and tax charges, Ike Carothers says he never sold out his community—and now he wants to represent it on the Cook County board.
1739	Despite benefiting directly from free and/or low cost education – something which has no doubt assisted their own career pathways – members of the current government intend to make sure today’s students do not get the same ‘free lunch’.
1740	Despite increased economic growth, a majority of African workers continues to eke out a living in the sprawling informal economy or in precarious work situations.
1741	Despite missing significant time after having meniscus surgery on his knee, Butler shot a career-high 47.4 percent from the field this season.
1742	Despite my intense “auto-bootstrapping,” I struggled to understand the material presented in my classes.
1743	Despite our falling out, I knew he'd get me immediately.
1744	Despite that dramatic evidence – emerging in June 2005 – the Washington Post failed to pay much attention.
1745	Despite the downturn in direct foreign investment, confidence in the Netherlands as a good place to do business has improved.
1746	Despite the promises, at least one tourism operator is giving the whole project a big thumbs-down.
1747	Details are researched and produced by HPE0-J80 Answers Experts who are constantly using industry experience to produce precise, logical verify for the test.
1748	Detectives are hoping a forensic search of bushland on NSW's mid north coast will rule out if William Tyrrell became lost and confirm suspicions he was abducted.
1749	Detectives learned that Tester had a 17-year-old girlfriend who he allegedly assaulted the day before the murder.
1750	Detroit Pistons owner Tom Gores has announced the hiring of Ed Stefanski as a senior executive, with Stefanski signing a three-year term.
1751	Deukmejian backed an initiative to recall liberal Chief Justice Rose Bird of the state Supreme Court and got two other justices thrown out with her.
1752	Devastated and demoralised, a slave to the demon drink, by now George was a 64-year-old amputee alone in the world and on the brink of destitution.
1753	Developed with the objective of making it the best unit of its kind in America, she says, "The boot camp was designed to be an alternative to incarceration."
1754	Developers quickly combed the firmware when Apple released it by accident, discovering pretty tell.
1755	Dev Khare, MD, Lightspeed India Advisors Partners LLP, says: "Emerging markets (including India) are opening up only now.
1756	Dev knows that the key to bringing order to any place is not to vanquish the big fish; in this case â€” Beera.
1757	Did so under Jack.
1758	Did you deliver when you were in power?
1759	Did you know that over half the residents in the county have already had their analog meters replaced with even higher radiating one-way meters?
1760	Different background colors will be used for the different denominations.
1761	Different branches of gov't issuing contradicting statements on same subject has nothing to do with people not reading wide, Sir!
1762	Dingus said it will cost at least $75,000 to win the seat, of which his campaign has raised nearly $20,000 already.
1763	Dinner out is the classic choice, and you’ve certainly got lots of restaurants to choose from.
1764	Diplomats are aware that PM Modi may not be able to transact any big issue with Pakistan.
1765	Directed by Lone Scherfig, received the Audience Award for Best Feature Film (2017) at the Göteburg Film Festival.
1766	Director J.J. Abrams has been associated with some of the most popular sci-fi projects of the last decade, like "Alias," "Lost," Cloverfield and "Fringe."
1767	Director of the Pants on Fire 5k beer and run walk Kelly Hull said, "It's going to go towards upgrading equipment, providing additional training for our volunteer fire department.
1768	Dirk Hansen from the initiative “Cologne against the right-wing” told RP that demonstrators would remain nonviolent.
1769	Discovery of multiple, critical research errors changes overall evaluation of the Mediterranean Diet from "life saving" to "bullshiat"
1770	Discovery Table, get a glimpse into the lives of native plants and animals, geology, and natural and cultural history, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
1771	Discussion of the proposal will occur online and, if no agreement is arrived at, at a special members-only meeting that should take place no more than 14 days after the complaint/proposal was put forth.
1772	Distance from Ashton Gate: 8.6 miles – 31 minute drive.
1773	Divide mixture between squash halves, sprinkle with cheese and reheat at High for 2 to 4 minutes or until cheese melts.
1774	DJ Sam Q kept the night filled with music, which kept people on the dance floor into the wee hours of Friday morning.
1775	D., lead seasonal hurricane forecaster at NOAA’s Climate Prediction Center.
1776	Doctors operated for 12 hours in September to remove the tumor.
1777	Does that have roots for you in the film’s activism or is it more for shock value?
1778	Do I think it’s possible?
1779	DOLE Undersecretary Joel B. Maglunsod, along with Assistant Secretary Ma.
1780	Dolly picked up a fight with Shweta over the kitchen issues and insulted her and it just left Shweta shattered and she burst into tears.
1781	Dolphins are good at learning tricks, especially in captivity – also pilot whales to a degree.
1782	Dominica and Grenada will benefit from the services of the Miracle Mission later this year.
1783	Domtar committed $5,000, plus in-kind work for this initiative.
1784	Donald Trump was born in Queens, New York in 1946 to multi-millionaire real-estate developer Fred Trump.
1785	Doña Lucy and her husband have been making t’antawawa masks for decades.
1786	Donations may be made to Noah’s Ark Animal Rehabilita-tion Center, 712 Locust Grove Griffin Road, Locust Grove, GA 30248 or on line in Ben Sims memory.
1787	Donors were especially generous to the Virden and Area Memory Tree last holiday season.
1788	Don’t be afraid of having a tour and asking questions,” he urged.
1789	Don’t be that guy.
1790	Don’t expect Sagittarius to stay in one place for very long.
1791	Don’t miss Dan Patlansky who will be performing at Emperors Palace Barnyard on May 30 for the launch of his brand new album, Perfection Kills.
1792	Don’t overlook lighting – for tasks, ambience and safety.
1793	Don't political ethical rules require a person with an identifiable conflict of interest have to recuse themselves from a vote?
1794	Don’t put it in my face that being a white guy is something I’m supposed to be ashamed of.
1795	“Don’t you hate it when” is an occasional column.
1796	DOOLOW Somalia (Xinhua) -- The drought affected Jubba River near Doolow, Somalia.
1797	Douglas came out against the walkout when it was announced last Thursday with a statement asking teachers to reconsider.
1798	Down the halls can be heard the prayer of blessing before meals, and then the clamoring for snow clothes commences.
1799	Doyle’s very hands-on management style, considerable investment and careful expansion agenda has transformed The Crane into one of the most luxurious and successful shared ownership developments in the world.
1800	Do you belong to an organization that would like to join us, too?
1801	Do you even live in this province?
1802	Do you have anything other than the PERS talking points?
1803	Do you know anyone from among your colleagues who took the duty to bury them?
1804	Do you need ride tickets?
1805	Do you own an e-reader, or have you ever read a book on an e-reader?
1806	Do you really believe the state ultimately defines society?
1807	Do you really think everyone is equal to begin with, and that any bonuses or special legislation for minorities therefore makes it unfair to the majority?
1808	Do you sing, too?’
1809	Do you what it means to be exposed to sex at that age in that nature?
1810	Dragon-patterned tiles unearthed at the excavation site.
1811	Drake reprises his role as Jimmy Brooks and returns to the halls of Degrassi Community School in his nostalgic new video.
1812	Dr Balakrishnan also said he saw beyond the hardware in North Korea.
1813	DR Congo is thousands of miles from the West African countries devastated by that epidemic.
1814	Dr. Doris A. Derby’s photography exhibit, The Black Arts Movement, Black Power and the Struggle for Civil Rights in America, will open immediately following Giovanni’s address with a reception in the Johnson Hall Art Gallery at JSU.
1815	Drew, as he was known to his family …
1816	Driven to homelessness, some coal workers had to find shelter in the ovens they formerly stoked.
1817	Drivers will be banned from using a busy Aberdeen road for four days while a lay-by construction gets under way.
1818	Dr. Kenrick R. Leslie, Executive Dir., Climate Change Center "You must ask yourself the question; what does all of this means to me?
1819	Drooping shrubs and brown lawns come with the territory during Georgia summers.
1820	Dr Phillip Murray, who lives in Ballincar and retired recently after many years as a general practitioner, built up the collection over more than half a century.
1821	Dr. Ron Inge with Delta Dental tells us about the initiative they are doing with the Cardinals to spread Oral Cancer Awareness.
1822	Dr. Samura is an intellectual in his own right.
1823	Dr. Suzuki, looking remarkably well for someone in his late 70s (he sheepishly admitted to having smoked for much of his life), was as engaging and motivating on-stage as he was on the small screen.
1824	Drug dealing and trafficking offences have doubled in the past 12 months, jumping from 42 in 2013 to 85 in 2014.
1825	Drummer Brian Moen married and moved to California, and Pisano moved to Toronto with his then-girlfriend.
1826	DS: The main opposition's presidential candidate Muharrem İnce said that a U.S. citizen told him that Fetullah Gülen's extradition request wasn't a proper one.
1827	Duane Curry pleaded guilty to battery; sentenced to 30 days in jail with 30 days executed; sentence to run concurrent with previous Hancock County court case.
1828	Due to recommendations from the joint meeting, the Filipino Journal announced in August a private bus charter to Calgary and Banff which includes two nights in Calgary.
1829	Due to the closure, these works have been hidden from public view and will only be redisplayed when the museum opens in August.
1830	Due to the volume of calls, several attempts may be needed.
1831	Dugas hit a solid drive off the tee on the sixth hole that landed 165 yards from the flag.
1832	Durham dance group faces their fears in 'ALKHAWF'
1833	During 2017 the Montana Livestock Loss Board paid $64,133 for livestock Wildlife Services confirmed as probable or certain wolf kills.
1834	During a 2016 campaign rally, Trump disparaged staffers of his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, for taking the Fifth Amendment during a congressional investigation into Clinton's use of a private email server as secretary of state.
1835	During a question and answer session at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum, President Vladimir Putin said Russia did not want a new Cold war with the West and did not like to think it was slipping into one.
1836	During her retirement years, up to the time of her untimely death today, she was still involved in education, teaching classes at the YWCA.
1837	During his career in the field, he’s found that trying to suss out employment trends in health care is a fool’s errand.
1838	During one interaction, he asked her to think hard about which of her friends might have seen anything suspicious to tie Suarez to the crime.
1839	During repairs a tornado whipped through, tearing planks of the scaffolding that impacted the Shuttle.
1840	During Saturday evening’s fireworks display, the crowd watching was estimated to be perhaps the largest crowd at Revere Beach since the 1940’s – a crowd which stretched from the start of the beach nearly up to Kelly’s.
1841	During sentencing, Judge Goldstone said Bennell’s abuse had led to suicidal thoughts, depression and alcoholism among his victims, and called the former coach the “devil incarnate”.
1842	During the 1983-84 Hobbs Holiday Tournament, Reeves scored 65 points for the Eagles.
1843	During the bottom of the third inning Shins decided in catching a fly ball, she should bobble it a few times to keep the excitement alive before finally holding it down in her glove for an out.
1844	During the emergency I happened to visit him at his residence and to my surprise I found a well-furnished sitting room.
1845	During their free-agency period, NHL teams haven’t engaged in an all-out superpower arms race like their basketball brethren.
1846	During the last 10 minutes of a play in Sarasota, I fell asleep and missed the ending.
1847	During the last regular meeting on April 16th, Monaghan’s timing apparatus appeared to favour Enbridge.
1848	During the last three elections (from 2000 inclusive), over 75 percent of all Armenian voters have regularly followed the Tashnag party's instructions.
1849	During the local launch phase, which will go on for several months, managing director David Albert says all drivers are guaranteed a minimum hourly wage of $15.
1850	During the month of September, Unicomer Dominica Ltd. trading as Courts Dominica Ltd. launched its Bedding Month promotion dubbed “Sleepy Days Ahead”.
1851	During the opening ceremonies Gerlitz was presented with a plague from the Alberta Curling Federation.
1852	During the past months, executives from the companies as well as Alstom have declined to comment specifically about any possible agreements.
1853	During the period between the fall of Rome and the Reformation, the idea developed that there was a deep divide between the “spiritual estate” and the “temporal estate.”
1854	During the second quarter, the Angoras seemed to settle down and starting playing with the East Texas team, but again the ball just couldn’t find its way into the hoop.
1855	During the summer, towns often spray their ditches and parks for insects and weeds.
1856	During the tournament, Harman said he worked on his hand gestures and the flow of his presentation.
1857	During the Watergate scandal, some of the most aggressive and vociferous inquisitors were people like Senator Howard Baker who, like the man who was the object of impeachment, President Nixon, was a fellow Republican.
1858	During this era of politics and more specifically within the governing class in DC, and the modern pundit class emanating from the same geographical area is the total lack of shame and accountability.
1859	During this time he was a staunch member of the community, a 4-H leader, and president of the Ripley Agricultural Society for their 125th fair.
1860	During this time, members of neighboring communities come together to dance and symbolically sacrifice one another as offerings to in the hopes of increasing their crops’ yield for the coming season.
1861	D’Urso has been trying to locate the family since 1988.
1862	Dwelling on the relationship between Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd and the private sector so as to develop healthy competition, he said he had no official information on their task in the district.
1863	Dynamic scoring is the idea that policy changes can induce significant macroeconomic effects, such as tax cuts partially paying for themselves.
1864	Dyyo said that the picture came from a photo shoot with a friend and fellow artist who paints her subjects — literally applying paint to their bodies — to reflect her feelings.
1865	Each aircraft has enough diesel and “dye” to produce five minutes of normal white smoke and one minute each of red or blue.
1866	Each has a five-year warranty.
1867	Each keeps the same face to the other.
1868	“Each of the girls made their best run of the 2015 cross-country season,” said Tillotson.
1869	Each of them played well.
1870	Each of these could be true.
1871	Each publication maintained offices until the newspapers were consolidated around 1929.
1872	Each state supports at least one such system.
1873	Each student had various reasons ranging from academic performance to parental pressure and depression.
1874	Each summer, Azerbaijani women buy large amounts of fruit and sugar in order to make a large supply of preserves for winter.
1875	Each touch rugby team had a turn to compete against each other.
1876	Each year, 20 fiberglass hand painted bear statues that are sponsored by local businesses and painted by local artists are displayed throughout the summer before being auctioned off to benefit an array of local charities.
1877	Each year during NIIW, the CDC Foundation honors health professionals and community leaders from around the country with the CDC Childhood Immunization Champion awards.
1878	Each year he marches alongside his “brigade”, which is made up of family members, students he has taught, or individuals who have connected with him in prior marches.
1879	Earlier during the plenary session, delegates from the GMS countries saw the formal endorsement of the Hà Nội Action Plan 2012-2018, the Regional Investment Framework 2022 and the Sixth GMS Summit Joint Declaration.
1880	Earlier, he used to migrate southward annually, returning home as the rains start to stabilize.
1881	Earlier in the week a 51-year-old driver of a Mercedes Benz was killed in a crash with a Lexus on Ferndell Street near Straits Avenue on Monday at 8.35pm.
1882	Earlier national passenger airline Azerbaijan Airlines (AZAL) received IOSA certificate.
1883	Earlier on October 30, SIBL board chairman Md Rezaul Haque, its executive committee chairman Md Anisul Hoque and managing director Shahid Hossain resigned from their posts.
1884	Earlier, such provision applied only to the print media.
1885	Earlier that month, that if a war with Israel were to occur, all the citizens of his country are willing to battle Israel.
1886	Earlier, the agency said it would take between 14 hours and four days to get the water out of the subway tunnels in New York City.
1887	Earlier this season, both of her team’s games against Guelph University were played in Sault Ste. Marie, but last year Resch had the opportunity to play against the Gryphons in front of a hometown crowd.
1888	Earlier, Vietnam’s first Paralympic gold medalist Le Van Cong, won a gold and also broke the world record in the men’s up to 49kg category.
1889	Early morning blue skies emphasize the frigid beauty of a frosty winter morning.
1890	Early this week the Ministry of Transport met with three foreign firms – Greenland Holding Group, Vision Transportation Group and Vietnam Infrastructure and Property Development Group (VIPD) – over a couple of projects in the nation.
1891	Earth to Al Gore … Come in, Al Gore.
1892	Easier to serve than salad and I think was a good choice.
1893	EASTENDERS have trumped Coronation Street by collecting Best Soap title and six others at the Inside Soap Awards, held inLondonon Tuesday.
1894	Easy to read, it’s a larger size and looks like a workbook.
1895	“(Eating) is a gathering.
1896	Economic data for January indicate inflation remains a concern, with CPI climbing 4.9 percent and PPI edging up 6.6 percent.
1897	Edenglen High School’s drum majorettes hosted Edenglen Day on May 26.
1898	Editor’s Letter J Magazine was created as an outlet for the frustration I felt with my life and my career.
1899	Editor’s note: We believe Juhász to be mistaken here.
1900	Editor's Picks News, Video and Gossip - DeadspinOkay Goddamnit, What The Hell Is This Robot Saying?
1901	Educate yourself and hang out with people who have the requisite knowledge in these areas.
1902	Education Minister Richard Bruton joined pupils in a crash course in coding to cram for next week's global "Hour of Code", where people from around the world can tune into Skype for a simultaneous tutorial.
1903	Edwardsville’s Blake Burris slides on second as O’Fallon’s Nathan Martin reaches for the ball during their Class 4A Normal Sectional.
1904	Efforts to reach the Minister for Agriculture, Fisheries and Livestock, Mwigulu Nchemba, yesterday to comment on the report were unsuccessful.
1905	Efforts were made to ensure women’s subordination to male authority and return them to the private realm of the household, where successful marriage and motherhood became imperatives.
1906	EFTA in 1997 signed an association agreement with Morocco.
1907	"Egypt has no political or military stake in Syria.
1908	Egypt's president swore in a new Cabinet on Thursday after replacing his defense and interior ministers, a high-level security shake-up that comes as the country is struggling to combat an Islamic State affiliate in the Sinai Peninsula.
1909	Egypt will hold a public referendum on its newly-drafted constitution.
1910	Eight business models have been supported for the project farms and these have already reported an increase of incomes by over 20 per cent.
1911	Eight of the 13 families displaced by and brought to New Castle County a year ago still live here and another is living downstate.
1912	Eight-year-old Lauren Sims wants a dog.
1913	Eileen loved to golf and spend time with her many groups of friends.
1914	Eirikson last had indirect contact with his family in Paso Canoas on the Panamá side of the Costa Rican-Panamá border.
1915	Either way, it highlighted the importance of trying to accept different, sometimes contradictory perspectives in the process of understanding one’s origins.
1916	Either way, it is not advisable especially when reason and good intentions are in short supply to sufficiently accompany the words.
1917	“Either you attack or you don’t attack,” he told Cavuto.
1918	Eldon Troester is a McGregor native.
1919	Election as a Fellow, a tradition that began in 1874, is an honor bestowed upon AAAS members by their peers.
1920	Elementary school teacher Jacqueline “Jacks” Morales’s marriage was far from perfect, but even in its difficulties it was predictable, familiar.
1921	Elephants have lost their space for mating and giving birth.
1922	Elgin County Warden David Marr said he expected the work to be held up at least one day.
1923	Eliminating your reactive mind gets you to the “clear” level, a major state in Scientology’s “Bridge to Total Freedom” pathway to enlightenment.
1924	Ella-Grace had what is hoped to be her last major operation in November last year, which having undergone the previous surgeries she was able to have with Great Ormond Street Hospital on the NHS.
1925	Elsewhere in Sefton, 54 new affordable homes in Bootle's Queens, St Elizabeth and Pine Grove areas and 12 in Sefton Village will be made available as part of the scheme.
1926	Emergency services were called to the property in the afternoon of January 20, where they discovered Mr Marsh injured.
1927	Emergency services were contacted at 8.50pm after reports a fire was burning and by the time that they arrived soon after, the strong winds had helped fuel the flames.
1928	Emerson estimates another 30 percent are located in the newly acquired plant in Arizona, while the Salt Lake City and Portland-area facilities each employ about 20 percent of the company’s workers.
1929	Emerson is a retired Navy SEAL and the author of 100 Deadly Skills.
1930	Emily Whitehead was the first child treated with a new type of cancer therapy that uses the patient's own genetically modified immune cells to fight cancer.
1931	Emissions must be addressed as well as alternative fuel sources.
1932	Emma is putting them on display in as a tribute to a little-known local tale about the elephants of Sandsend.
1933	Emotions like extreme anxiety, for example, lead your brain to release a flood of neurotransmitters that travel down the spine, sending it into hyper drive, and causing it to treat ordinary sensations like pain.
1934	Emrich Plumbing purchased 2910 Maryville Road from George Schneider.
1935	EMU’s Fermentation Science department will be there talking about the science of hard cider and, of course, there will be some to taste too.
1936	Enactus team launches Rubi, the worl.
1937	Enbridge Energy has failed to establish the need for its proposal to replace its aging Line 3 crude oil pipeline across northern Minnesota and it might be better to just shut down the existing line, the Minnesota Department of Commerce said Monday.
1938	Energy efficiency lighting is one way to fend off Grinchy costs.
1939	· Enforcement of sternly laws on individuals and companies operating in connection with imports of low-quality and trafficking of medicines to the country.
1940	England are favourites among many experts ahead of the competition, which includes Bangladesh captain Mashrafe and Indian captain Virat Kohli.
1941	England had to wait until the closing minutes to further extend their lead in the final quarter, with Middleton cutting back and allowing Ward to finish from close range and grab his second shortly before the final whistle.
1942	English courses at all levels and for all purposes including business English, Cambridge courses, speaking skills courses, grammar workshops and an English literature reading group.
1943	Enjoy your holiday libations, in moderation, of course.
1944	Enriquez, who would have been a senior this fall, was a talented soccer player, the district said in a tweet.
1945	Environmental conditions across much of the Atlantic, all of the Gulf of Mexico and all of the Caribbean are highly unfavorable due to strong westerly and northwesterly wind shear.
1946	Environment - Nature News Page contains new and older articles within this topic.
1947	Episode 9: One Canada It was an era of civil rights.
1948	Equally important and no less impressive are his array of Estonian landscapes, often from Leetse, a small coastal town where the artist’s grandfather lived.
1949	Eric Raydon of Marmot Properties says maintaining the true character of the Midtown District remains a top priority.
1950	Ernest (Jim Varney) was a camp counsellor/ taxi driver/janitor/whatever the plot called for who at first annoyed everyone he came in contact with, but slowly won them over with his good nature and charm.
1951	Escudero added that the Philippines would only be “bullied” in bilateral talks with China if it allowed itself to be pushed around.
1952	Especially as the one target man Japan really possesses – Mike Havenaar – isn’t in the squad.
1953	Especially for new chatters!
1954	Especially in the public realm of the city.
1955	Especially the reward after each season has encouraged athletes very much.
1956	Especially these guys being atop the division with them right now – every game puts us ahead.
1957	Especially those lazy, uppity union workers at the government trough.
1958	Essentially, a state of emergency is all about the involvement of the military in the role of enforcing civil and criminal laws at a time of civil unrest gone out of control.
1959	Estate of Lois Faye Fogle Stroub, probate hearing; order entered.
1960	Esther was preceded in death by her Parents; Two Husbands; 3 Sisters; 5 Brothers; and her Dog Annie.
1961	Etchevehere said his country prides itself on the quality of its beef, and aims to carve out a significant portion of the Japanese market.
1962	Eternity rings must have diamonds running the whole way around them, hence the name.
1963	Ethical farm practices, an absence of genetic modifications and freedom from processing are all factors that motivate buyers to purchase proteins from local farms.
1964	Ethiopia came to Mogadishu to prop up a UN-backed Transitional Government.
1965	Ethiopians wear flowing embroidered cotton robes and also like their reputation as the place where coffee was first grown and served, which you can appreciate with an Ethiopian coffee ceremony.
1966	Etzkin has begun using the renovated courts as a recruiting tool.
1967	EU complicity in this debacle is unquestionable and it is not merely refugees who need rescuing, but the European Project itself, which will require a Good Samaritan to storm in with vision and purpose.
1968	EUGENE, Ore. -- Goodwill offers clothes that can be used for Halloween costumes.
1969	Eurasian Resources Group has thrown itself into processing Metalkol’s tailings in Katanga.
1970	European Ombudsman Emily O'Reilly said at a press conference on Wednesday that the Commission topped the list “not because it is the worst performer in relation to administration”, but simply because of “the institutional role it plays in the EU”.
1971	"Europe is buying only one third of Iranian oil, but an agreement with Europe is important to guarantee our sales, and find insurance for the ships ferrying the crude.
1972	Evalou Ellen “Ellie” McConnell, 62, of Bedford, passed away on Monday at Indiana University Health Bloomington Hospital surrounded by her family.
1973	Evans Adofo, the program director for Stop Aids in Liberia, a leading organizer of programs to celebrate the day in Liberia, said the national theme for the celebration is “Togetherness for Inclusion.”
1974	Even after the smaller group meeting with leadership Thursday evening, little had been decided, with members planning a late-night conference call to see if any consensus could be reached among the Freedom Caucus.
1975	Even at the height of the Stradcom controversy when she was seen on TV entering the LTO IT-provider offices, the President stood by his friend.
1976	Even at the Olympics, the medals are tabulated as the events progress.
1977	Even government-run Chinese airlines today offer huge feeder networks through partnerships, so that they are not exposed to “one” traffic flow.
1978	Even if Russ was offered five cups for the price of one, human nature tells me he would have settled for the five as opposed to half a cup.
1979	Even if there was no successor forthcoming, the case and investigation could and probably would continue on its own as a regular FBI inquiry.
1980	Even infants in mothers’ arms were not allowed to enter the church.
1981	Even in the little extra efforts we exert, there is excellence.
1982	Even in the wildly creative world of homebrewing, where just about anything flies, seaweed beers don’t.
1983	Even on a date or with other family members, silence should not be an awkward time when a person has to scramble to bring up a new topic and take up more time.
1984	Even though the athletes are on Team Canada and representing the country, they pay their own way.
1985	Even though there wasn't as much to see, the lack of amenities is only temporary, and in a strange way, the effects of Katrina have their own fascination.
1986	“Even though this epidemic is worse in some parts of the country than others, find me a congressional district where this isn’t an issue,” said Keith Humphreys, a drug policy expert at Stanford.
1987	Eventually they were incorporated.
1988	Even when they knew Dele Belgore was the only one who had fought the war they were about to fight before and had a remarkable success to show for it; they refused to yield any space to him.
1989	Even with vet treatment, many dogs still die from the illness.
1990	Everybody else is seeing the same problems,” said Matechuk.
1991	Every Brock student knows Kraft Dinner and Ketchup is a legendary local favourite.
1992	Every cent raised by Donegal’s toddlers will directly support Barnardos’ work with children in its early year’s services who are being lost to homelessness, to poverty and to neglect.
1993	“Every country faces key healthcare issues and Developing Countries – which carry the greatest burden of disease – have the least resources, notwithstanding, healthcare must be accessible and affordable to all.
1994	Every day, thousands of Buddhist devotees circle the sacred white-washed stupa beneath fluttering prayer flags.
1995	Every Democratic senator will oppose the effort, but Idaho Republican Sens.
1996	"Everyone at Margate Football Club would like to thank Steve for his immense contribution - he will always remain a respected and highly valued figure at Hartsdown Park."
1997	"Everyone can improve and with me coming in, it could be a really strong team and I'm looking forward to being a part of it."
1998	Everyone has that one item of clothing that just doesn’t fit right.
1999	"Everyone that belongs here is back."
2000	Every piece showed finery of his workmanship and left the guests spellbound.
2001	Every so often it gets pushed back with the others and then I remember I have it and get to wipe off some of the dust Iâ?
2002	"every tax-paying Canadian citizen".
2003	'Everything changed on 2 August,' Emira says.
2004	Everything is teamwork in the back.
2005	Everything you’ve ever wanted to know to master Instagram.
2006	Every weekend, viewing centres are filled out with Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester United, and Manchester City among other EPL clubs.
2007	“Every year, we’ve improved and it’s just been the constant grind of just getting better as a team and as a collective unit,” he said.
2008	Evidence showed another supervisor, Sgt. Daryl Terry, facilitated the assault by trying to make sure the woman would be left alone with Stephens, though he said he had no idea an assault was planned.
2009	Evidence that the firm was highly regarded is provided by the appearance of 8 Horse Fair, which in 1900 became the home of the Poor Law Guardians, who had rejected the Town Hall because it was dark and noisy.
2010	Example: "What is the average marriage age of the tribe?”
2011	Except at railroad crossings for the "frontier train."
2012	Excitement is the order of the day within our camp.
2013	Excuse my language, sorry."
2014	Executive Member of the Board of Investment Navas Chandra Mondal said: “According to the guidelines, it is compulsory for the private organisations to register their employees with the Board of Investment.
2015	Executive Order 10392, issued by President Truman on Sept. 4, 1952 established the President’s Commission on Immigration and Naturalization.
2016	Expansion of benefits and the introduction of a public health insurance system could eat away at both corporate profits and jobs, particularly those devoted to administering claims and marketing insurance policies and pharmaceuticals.
2017	Expect to find leather and Swarovski crystal chandeliers, sleek LED pendant orbs, handwrought iron sconces, and an infectious enthusiasm from owner Lucy Dearborn and her team.
2018	Experience in events or hospitality is required.
2019	Explosives found in the terrorists' apartment in Al-Qatraneh.
2020	Exports should exploit opportunities of trade differentiating products to suit all the consumers."
2021	Ex-president of San Marcos youth soccer club took $70K for 'personal gain'
2022	F00lish Jay Jay you have no pride.
2023	Fabian Herbers played Alejandro Bedoya in down the left wing, and CJ Sapong bodied off a defender to direct the ball toward Fontana.
2024	Facebook admitted last week that “most of its users likely have had their personal information “scraped” by outsiders without users’ explicit permission.”
2025	Facebook also doesn’t include your browsing history — the subject of back-and-forths between Mark Zuckerberg and several members of Congress — it says it keeps that just long enough to boil it down into those “Ad Topics.”
2026	Failure thus far to integrate required Israeli weaponry in the aircraft’s internal weapons bay.
2027	Faith Formation programs provided by non-Catholic school parishes give an approved religious education.
2028	Faith Kasangi Mwendwa 36, who hails from Mwingi, Kitui County told KNA outside her mud house that the condition of Jeremiah Chuma started two weeks after she gave birth to him normally at the Garissa referral hospital on 4thDecember 2016.
2029	Families can also expect to get up close to wildlife after Hollins Conservation Group secured funding for an educational 'Go Wild' fun day, aimed at introducing children and adults to their environment.
2030	Families interested in applying can do so in one of three ways before the May 9 deadline: Online, at the DOE’s website at nyc.
2031	Family and friends of the two teens are still struggling to find answers.
2032	Family will receive friends from 3-8 p.m. Monday, May 21.
2033	Famous stage couple Doris Day and Gordon MacRae appeared together in five different films.
2034	Far from it, believe many observers.
2035	Farmers can now apply for grants of up to $20,000 from a $750,000 fund pool for on-farm energy audits over the next three years.
2036	Farmers markets and local specialty markets are the ideal but, in practice, the big guys just make more sense for certain grocery trips.
2037	Farm manager finds sweet solution for piles of poopIf you’ve got horses, you’ve got waste.
2038	Farooq was elected Chief Minster in 1987, amidst claims of massive rigging and huge civil protests.
2039	Fashion retailer Esprit will quit Australia and New Zealand by the end of the year with the loss of 350 jobs after failing to turn around the loss-making operations.
2040	Father Erpelding is not only a member of the current board of directors for Catholic Charities, but he has been a client there, “when I have found life difficult.
2041	Father Matsongani said he, Brother Musondoli, the kidnapped priests, and the one who avoided abduction, are all from that diocese.
2042	Father Radcliffe reflected on feet as symbols of courage and adventure.
2043	FBI Special Agents and members of the Joint Terrorism Task Force prepare to arrest a suspect in Pittsburgh on March 15, 2012 in this still from the documentary (T)ERROR.
2044	Federal court and Supreme Court decisions that justified state and local governments’ violations of Black Americans’ rights.
2045	Federal High Court sitting in Lagos, Thursday morning has ordered the Department of State Service, DSS, to within 48 hours release detained Managing Director of Capital Oil and Gas, Dr Ifeanyi Ubah.
2046	Federal privacy laws prevented school officials from disclosing information pertaining to the child’s identity.
2047	Fed up hubby hires men to date wife as marriage hits the rocks – iHarare NewsWelcome, Login to your account.
2048	Feedback on the policy is welcome until Jan.
2049	Felix Jimenez added that the government would be investing US$22 million in promotion and advertising abroad this year.
2050	Female protesters march on the streets of Manila on Independence Day to accept President Rodrigo Duterte’s challenge to resign if women protest over his gesture against a married Filipina in South Korea, yesterday.
2051	Fenerbahçe Doğuş defeated TOFAŞ 86-78 June 7 evening in the Turkish basketball league playoff finals to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
2052	Feqw questioned the President as he justified his determination to make war against Iraq and complete the unfinished business of his father's one-term presidency.
2053	Fernandez said that the government would also be covering the cost of renting homes while the new houses were being constructed.
2054	Fevola has two weeks to fulfil the mediation terms.
2055	Few but the wealthiest of all Americans have the funds to pay that out of pocket, and often times scholarships and grant money are not enough alone to stave off dreaded student loans.
2056	Fiddle your thumbs and just let the city of jakarta keep sinking under the growing avalanche of rubbish and a clogged up river that can't even be navigated as a public transport alternative?
2057	Fife Walking Club at Deuchary Hill.
2058	Fifteen Republican senators have signed on to the bill since its initial filing.
2059	Fifth- and sixth-grade students at Babylon Memorial Grade School in the Babylon School District had the opportunity to hone their communication, technology and editing skills this school year by taking part in the Broadcast Club.
2060	Fifth-graders, whose cluster includes jobs in government and public administration, marketing, information technology and finance, were visited Thursday by 4-H agents Kim Payne and Allison Perkins from the UGA Extension Service.
2061	Fifty children from primary schools in the Southside of Belize City were treated to food, toys and a whole lot of laughter at the Toys for Tots Christmas Party on Tuesday, December 10th, at the House of Culture.
2062	Fifty-five years after the murder of President Kennedy, the national security argument does not hold water.
2063	Fifty-six people were arrested that day, including Chucky and Demente, largely because Pelon had captured their confessions in his cab.
2064	Fifty years ago, a teenage Kenny Vance was in attendence when Alan Freed brought his rock ‘n’ roll show to the Paramount Theater in Downtown Brooklyn, where he grew up.
2065	Figure on point.
2066	Figures from STR Global and ASAP or the Association of Serviced Apartment Providers reveal that in the first quarter of 2017, occupancies in London crossed 78% which was up from 10% in the first quarter of 2014.
2067	FILE - In this April 3, 2016, file photo, former Houston Rockets player Kenny Smith sits near the court during an NBA basketball game between the Oklahoma City Thunder and the Rockets in Houston.
2068	FILE - Josh Holt and his wife Thamy are greeted by swarms of family, friends and media during a welcome-home event in the Old Dome Meeting Hall at Riverton City Park in Riverton, Utah, Monday, May 28, 2018.
2069	Filfred added that it seems Zinke is listening more to opponents of the monument than people who want it preserved.
2070	Fillmore residents depend of VISTA to get to and from work and school.
2071	Finally, a virtuous life will be marked by temperance.
2072	Finally, Boston University could prove to be more of an equal opponent for the Blue Devils, as the Terriers struggled offensively to brings runs home in their 25-27 campaign last season.
2073	Finally, he was a weekend warrior in corralling an MBA from Northwestern’s famed Kellogg School of Management.
2074	Finally, JMP Securities initiated coverage on shares of Docusign in a research report on Tuesday, May 22nd.
2075	Finally, looking at employment insurance benefits alone, Canadians who have been here for generations receive more than either group.
2076	Finally, recognition must also accommodate the symbols and other expressions of Papuan culture, and treat them as part of the richness of Indonesian culture.
2077	Final Touch Art Studios is looking to attract local artists.
2078	Find activities or a program that you enjoy and start with small time commitments.
2079	Fined £166 and to pay costs of £85.
2080	Finish your work, and from 10 p.m. to midnight, it can be you, and Tessa and Scott, and Pyeongchang’s Olympic ice.
2081	Finn Harps held high-flying title chasing Shelbourne to a 1-1 draw at Tolka Park.
2082	Firearms, knives and other weapons will be prohibited.
2083	Firefighters arrived to find the car completely alight on the M11.
2084	Firefighters say some cardboard at the facility had caught fire.
2085	Fire officials said no casualties were reported due in the incident at the Royal Plastic Company, which manufactures a variety of plastic articles.
2086	Fireworks will be viewable from Rotary Park and other various locations around Manchester, including the area next to the Manchester Times (300 N. Spring St.) and First National Bank.
2087	Firmly etched in my memory, it illustrates in many ways what my mother, Grace Oluyemi Fatade, who turned 70 on March 6, stands for and how she sees motherhood.
2088	First a couple of facts: cars and trucks now surpass electricity production as the largest source of U.S. carbon dioxide emissions.
2089	First college football player charged in hazing incident turns himself in after being accused of trying to 'sodomize and beat a freshman before leaving him naked in a park'
2090	First daughter Ivanka Trump scolded NBC and MSNBC reporter Peter Alexander during an interview when he asked her if she believed her father's sexual misconduct accusers.
2091	First, economic success does not assure peace, but economic failure and disintegration almost assures conflict.
2092	First, ensure that health care in Jersey is properly funded.
2093	First, Happy Veteran's Day to our military dogs!
2094	First, he said, “I’m the only candidate born and raised in Montana, so Montanans raised me and gave me their values” of hard work and supporting one another.
2095	First lady Melania Trump speaks during an event to celebrate military mothers and spouses at the White House on May 9, 2018.
2096	Firstly, the words “on account of”’ no longer feature in this definition.
2097	Firstly, what is a will?
2098	First try refreshing your browser window by selecting Ctrl + R (PC computers) or Command + R (Mac computers).
2099	First US Bancshares, Inc. reported a net income of $635,000 for the third quarter ended Sept. 30, 2017.
2100	Fisher has been involved with Cultiv8 for two years.
2101	Fish of this size can put considerable stress on your tackle.
2102	FITCHBURG – Seeing the sin in the world, Christians can view mercy as too lenient.
2103	Fitzgerald spoke of the perseverance and faith of the Catholic community in North Ogden.
2104	Five-year-old Frankie will be joined by her big brother, Finlay, seven, and he will also be taking part in the 5k course alongside her.
2105	Flash Gordon conquered the universe and took a trip to Mars.
2106	Flash memory is much faster, but it is also much more expensive.
2107	Flett said he had his home there burglarized one and a half months ago, and lost more than $70,000 in musical equipment and his wife’s video-making devices.
2108	Fleury made 23 saves to earn his second shutout of playoffs, and second in three games, as well as the 10th of his career in the post-season.
2109	Florentine found the lighting of the cave's Throne Room to be one of the biggest challenges of the project.
2110	Flores, on Monday, confirmed Taylor was a freshman at the university and a member of the Alpha Delta Pi sorority.
2111	Floridians can expect to pay about 21 percent in taxes on their cellphone bills.
2112	FNG’s loan was approved unanimously, while IGU’s was approved on a 4-2 vote with board members Crystal Nygard and Wilson Hughes dissenting.
2113	Focus on answering the questions that follow below.
2114	Following season five's jaw-dropping finale, season six resumes with almost all of Wentworth's inmates and officers stunned by the apparent joint escape of Franky Doyle and Joan Ferguson.
2115	Following Snoop Dogg high in the lineup is Nas (who will finally join his Fresno tie-in Fashawn for a local show), plus Foster the People and Phantogram.
2116	Following the invasion, Paul Bremer, a neocon fanatic, was given absolute civil authority in Baghdad and in a series of decrees turned the entire future Iraqi economy over to US corporations.
2117	Following the oppositionist takeover of large swaths of southern Syria along the Israeli border, the National Resistance in Hauran (HAMO) was established.
2118	Following the overwhelming vote, in which 99 percent of the members were in favour of him, club president Peter Fischer called on other Bundesliga teams to follow Eintracht’s example.
2119	Following the program, a pie social will be held in the church social hall.
2120	Following the struggle, the driver of the vehicle fled.
2121	Following up on news about economic progress and the drop in the inflation rate, she says, “What is this supposed to mean; prices going down and all?
2122	Follow the formula and you can't screw it up.
2123	Food trucks will be at the event, so visitors can enjoy a great lunch at the fair, and relax with a glass of local wine or beer.
2124	Football fans, especially the ones in Egypt, witnessed Salah land awkwardly on his shoulder after what seemed to be a tough challenge from Real captain Sergio Ramos as early as in the 29th minute of the much-talked-about final.
2125	Football is King in the Rio Grande Valley and this fall, as players, cheerleaders, coaches, bands, families and fans flock to games, RGVProud wants to help you keep up to date on the scores with our ScoreStream scoreboard.
2126	For $500, customers can launch unlimited attacks.
2127	For 69-year-old Antonio Porter, farming is a legacy, a way of life he inherited from his father and one that he will be able to pass on to his children, thanks to a new partnership between Red Stripe and Jamaica National Small Business Loans (JNSBL…
2128	For a legal expert to sue the radio station under such curcumstances is little more than a nasty spiteful and malicious person.
2129	For a list of upcoming auctions in Central Florida, (and happy bidding!).
2130	For ALL airline passengers through, one thing cannot be disputed, delays are awful, unless you really don’t want to come home.
2131	For all that we have achieved across these levels, however, we are not always blessed with the infrastructural support to harness and nurture these players, particularly youth and female players.
2132	For all those reasons, driverless is the future of transportation.
2133	“For a long time we have had specialised urological surgery services that do not meet nationally agreed standards which are based on clinical evidence.
2134	For Ashkenazi Jews, the kickoff to the High Holidays happens this year on the Saturday night before Rosh Hashanah, when congregations gather to say, or prayers of atonement.
2135	For as much as Babers has promised about his signature offense, how the cake was still in the oven, ready to be fully cooked in Week 4, Chark was the one who applied the icing.
2136	For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts.”
2137	For at least all of 2018, it’s going to mean one less Republican that the GOP can afford to lose on major votes and probably more time for the Veep to spend in the Senate waiting to break ties.
2138	For at least being honest, most of the time, even when he clearly was out of ideas and up against everyone, he ranks lowly on the ruin-the-economy rankings.
2139	For both Jesse and his family, it was fortunate that the driver was an off duty policeman.
2140	“For Cherry, Canadian nationalism rests on an unquestioning support for the military, support of traditional institutions and (a) view of hockey that highlights the physical nature of the game,” they write in their study.
2141	Forcing St. James into a fourth-and-nine situation, Dutchmen senior lineman Bryce Mistler sacked Harlan giving Owensville the ball back on their 45-yard line.
2142	For clarity sake, let me repeat that the GBPA Ltd does not, and has not for half a century, owned the investment companies that are normally associated with it.
2143	For complete results of the Bartow County athletes competing at the Dalton Rotary Invitational, see today's edition of The Daily Tribune News.
2144	For Conifer, senior Mark Studer checks all the boxes.
2145	Ford made a statement during which he said he would not be supporting the measure “as a matter of principle” but the council would move forward in unison regardless of the outcome.
2146	FOR each aspiring P&G employee, we look at a combination of character, leadership and aptitude, along with their compatibility with our company culture and aspirations.
2147	Forecasts are available via Skype and Facetime.
2148	Foreign Minister Pham Binh Minh: State management over sea and islands is a broad field as it relates to the functions of several ministries, agencies and localities across the country.
2149	Foreign-owned salmon farms and massive mine proposals have joined old-growth logging in putting constant pressure on the environment and the communities that rely on it.
2150	Forest fires in Portugal: what are the lessons?
2151	For every pack of Continental soup purchased at Coles supermarkets between 6 June and 3 July, Unilever has pledged to donate one cup of Continental soup to SecondBite until the total donations equal 1 million cups.
2152	For example, a student with a nursing degree may also have a public health degree.
2153	For example, he says, a Rolfer can help you find better alignment of your head and neck, ease in your shoulders and more mobility in your pelvis.
2154	For example, if you are not focusing on what is lying on the road you might hit a concealed rock or not notice the scrap metal lying on the road.
2155	For example, in tourism, today’s cultural tourists want authentic experiences, so our programme involves cataloguing all historic and cultural attributes, and developing a plan for protecting and promoting the most interesting venues and activities.
2156	For example, what is the point of showing the dynamics of the loan-GDP ratio on public television, if a large part of the population doesn’t know what a GDP is, moreover the loan-GDP ratio.
2157	For example, when the President visited my home of Orlando, Tea Party protesters shouted 'Kenyan Go Home.'
2158	“For fallen away Catholics to return to the church.”
2159	"For Greater Glory," a film about the Cristeros Catholic fighters for religious freedom in Mexico during the 1920s, will be screened at 7 p.m. July 1 in the St. Rita Parish Center.
2160	For him, the highest form of prayer is adoration.
2161	For individual subscribers who do not need a print copy, the price for password-driven online access is £745/US$1,1043 (plus VAT at 20% where applicable).
2162	For information and advice around child protection, please visit the force website
2163	For information, see Ticket prices begin at $15 on a sliding scale, and $20-$50 for the Saturday night gala.
2164	For info, visit westchelseaartists.
2165	For instance, 16 of the 20 participants were healthy women, mostly dieticians, with an average age of 30! Good sense dictates the results might have been vastly different if older people with high cholesterol levels had been followed.
2166	For instance, international agreements have been made aimed at reducing sulphur emissions from ships.
2167	For instance, last April Twitter updated its stance on abusive behaviour to include statements "threatening or promoting terrorism."
2168	For instance, the University of New Mexico currently charges a $25 application fee for freshman or transfer students.
2169	“For many Brits, the universal healthcare service has become a symbol of a fair society, delivering free at the point of access services for all, irrespective of wealth or financial contributions.
2170	For many mushers and broadcasters alike, the K-300 is a "warm-up" race for the Iditarod, which we'll be proud to cover again this March.
2171	“For many years the ACF campaigned against decisions made by Mr Carlson on uranium exports that we felt amounted to ‘radioactive rubber stamps’,” he said.
2172	For many years we didn’t truly reflect on the contribution of women.
2173	Formartine beat Strathspey 4-0 and Wick thumped bottom side Fort William 6-0.
2174	"For me, it didn't sink in until I came into camp but for them, it was emotional.
2175	Former Cambridge United loanee Harry Pell looks set to make a move to Blackpool from Cheltenham.
2176	Former Conservative president announced his candidacy last week.
2177	Former EPA deputy chief of staff Kevin Chmielewski says he was pushed out for raising concerns about Administrator Scott Pruitt's spending in exclusive interview with ABC.
2178	Former intelligence chief Abdullah Al-Senussi, under a death sentence after his trial last year and Saadi Qaddafi who was still being tried were among top former regime officials held at Hadba, within which a special courtroom had been built.
2179	Former Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson has undergone emergency surgery for a brain haemorrhage and is recovering in hospital.
2180	Former state District Judge Russell Fagg of Billings placed second with 28 percent.
2181	Former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton, right, and then-California Republican Party Chairman Ron Nehring talk during the opening night dinner of the California Republican Convention in Sacramento in 2011.
2182	‘For me the focus is on the family.
2183	“For me, there was a period of my life I literally felt paralyzed.
2184	“For me, the thing I want to concentrate on the most is making sure Hawaii’s music thrives and does well, and the more I can help our music industry the better.”
2185	“For me to come here and not give back to my community wouldn’t be fair,” Amortegui said.
2186	For more information about Crossroads: Modernism in Ukraine, 1910-1930, call 312.744.6630.
2187	For more information about the Commonwealth Youth Awards, and to apply or nominate someone, please visit: commonwealth-youthexcellence.
2188	For more information and photos go to merisquares.
2189	For more information and to order tickets visit 
2190	For more information, contact the Brodhead parish office at 608-897-2666.
2191	For more information go to pomonaconcertband.
2192	For more information on termites and other pests, contact the Harlan County Cooperative Extension Service at 573-4464.
2193	For more information on the project, visit toddforsgren.
2194	For more information or to ask for a group viewing, call (217) 525-1360.
2195	For more information or to obtain a volunteer application, contact Stacy at 928-777-7956; Stacy.
2196	For more on crime and safety at Portage Place Shopping Centre, including an interview with a former Winnipeg police officer, visit Ethan Cabel’s blog
2197	For most people of Chinese LGBT community, keeping their sexual orientation secret is a way of life.
2198	For most, this is an ideal option for preparing for the MOS, as there is a huge array of options available for all price ranges and time constraints.
2199	For much less, in civilized countries, the ill-gotten assets of corrupt politicians have been seized.
2200	For much of its recent economic history, it didn't have double-digit inflation and unemployment to contend with, but it had worse problems such as hyperinflation, labor market dislocation and mass poverty.
2201	For Namon Wright, it simply was time for a change.
2202	For NATO, Zimmerman said, Ghani’s proposal is “the best opportunity we have, so we are well advised to make good use of it.”
2203	For now, he said, his wife, who works at Mackinac Straits, has given him plenty of household tasks to keep him busy in retirement.
2204	For over a decade, the residents have been complaining about rapid deforestation in the Baranco forest area.
2205	For Pittman, this was his first career 25 round and his best overall round of 48/50.
2206	For real though, it’s time to lay off the Ball kids, because they really are no different from us.
2207	For Rent: One large room with a view, able to accommodate up to 2,000 people or approximately 100 exhibition booths.
2208	For Shorewood resident May Klisch, inspiration — and just the right encouragement — happened while waiting for breakfast at Jean Pierre with her husband and daughters.
2209	For software companies, each line of code is in effect development, but actual R&D is a lot less.
2210	For someone to start a retail chain is really tough if you donâ€™t have a ton of money to get going.
2211	For some reason, people called him selfish for ignoring the doctor’s orders, but he just wanted to be out on the field with us.
2212	For some unknown reason, she never published again.
2213	For STEM fields to stop pathologizing LGBTQIA+ people, there is a need for greater representation and visibility of queer and transgender scientists.
2214	Fort Frances heritage station CFOB-FM better known as B-93, is now officially known as 93-1 The Border.
2215	For that office, a total of six candidates have filed, to include Alan Mathis, Allen Avery, Bob Harrell, John Derrick, Janice Gray and Roger Miller.
2216	For that to be fair, the board of directors should receive a stipend for meetings attended I think.
2217	For the 10 week period of the Pilot programme between February and April of this year, 2008, every High School in The Bahamas, as well as all grades 9 and 6, participated in some way in the pilot after school homework centres and study clubs.
2218	For the boys, the Newberry Indians won with a combined score of 205.
2219	For the first 3 months of the year, nearly 35,000 Haitians were deported to Haiti or turned back to the border.
2220	For the full interview with Emma Bellemy, pick up a copy of this week’s Sligo Weekender newspaper.
2221	For the Italian newspaper, even a 6 has to be earned with a good performance.
2222	For the second time in as many weeks, a fan was arrested for punching a horse, this time a 19-year-old.
2223	For the second year running, The Anguilla National Sailing Team brought home gold medals from the KATS Premier’s Cup International Youth Regatta in a sweeping victory of 39 points ahead of the 2nd place winners.
2224	For the second year the Cassar Family will host the behind-the-scenes dinner and will be joined by sponsors Wells Fargo, Procter & Gamble, and Premier Event Productions in kicking-off the Wine, Food & Brew Festival weekend.
2225	For these reasons Rupiah cannot fully commit himself to fighting corruption.
2226	“For this arrogant and boastful terrorist to speak in such a meek and subdued tone shows he has been trounced beyond his imagination.”
2227	For this reason, Costa Rican banks currently accredit foreigners and expatriates who have documentation authorized by the competition agency of that Caribbean country, that is, have full-time resident status.
2228	“For this reason, it is essential that charter school officials and staff be knowledgeable about Federal civil rights laws.”
2229	For this season The Lyric Theatre Singers will present a series of concerts under the title of Candlelight Christmas 2017, between December 7 and 10 at Concordia University’s Loyola Chapel (7141 Sherbrooke Street West).
2230	For those of us present here the objects of collective national self interrogation will include: why are job opportunities diminishing in a country where there are so much work to be done?
2231	For those on the ground, the blimp would be little more than the constant dull throb of the engine and propeller and the occasional flit of shadow across the too-green grass.
2232	For those planning a Christmas function, The Bridge Restaurant & Bar is ideal.
2233	For those who don’t drink, Tucker Stutzman has been working on a non-alcoholic formula.
2234	Fortis Living made a donation of £5,000 to a Hartlebury Parish Council earlier this year, from its spending money improving local environments (SMILE) fund.
2235	Fortunately these kinds of normal aggravations can usually be dealt with without the heavy hand of the law.
2236	Fortune magazine recently named her on the annual list of World's 50 Greatest Leaders.
2237	For twenty-two intrepid members of the San Pedro Junior Sailing Team, these conditions were ideal.
2238	Forty per cent of the fatalities from collisions are not the drivers of cars or motorcycles.
2239	“For us, ease of use is a security feature.
2240	For weeks now, international broadcasters have been preparing for live feeds from the national results centre in Dublin Castle.
2241	For who knows—perhaps we are who we are in this moment for just such a crisis.
2242	For years, the mobile industry resisted making even the most minimal efforts to prevent street theft.
2243	Fossil Free Fest debuts April 2-8, with a series of free film screenings April 2-5 at The Broad Theater and discussions and performances at the Joan Mitchell Center and Grow Dat Youth Farm April 6-8.
2244	Foster's Masters through the University of California, Berkeley is in city planning.
2245	Found mainly in the Calabria region of Southern Italy, the history of this inedible, bitter orange is interesting.
2246	Found mostly in forested areas, both wet and dry, but persist in urban and suburban areas with vegetation as well.
2247	Fourteen percent of the gross sale price of a converted condominium (12.5 percent conversion fee, plus 1.5 percent transfer tax) is paid to the city.
2248	Fourth, the new populace, which was very poor compared to Israeli citizens, solved the problem of Israel’s growing need for low cost mass labour.
2249	Four top editors were not the only casualties of Tronc's purge in the LAT newsroom.
2250	Four years later, he re-enlisted to fight in Cambodia.
2251	Four years on, Coun Swindells said: “It was back in 2013 that Preston joined the growing number of councils who were asking for the ability to restrict the stake and the number of betting shops clustering in the city centre.”
2252	France 2 journalist Nicolas Geay met former FIFA vice-president Jack Warner for the first time this morning, outside of the Port of Spain Magistrates Court, and received a provocative and memorable response from the former minister’s bodyguards.
2253	Frances M. Gray, 64, of Margaretville, passed away Sunday, Dec. 6, 2009 at her residence.
2254	Francis of Assisted Living," a comedy, will be Sept. 27-Oct.
2255	"Frankly, outstate Missouri has just moved away from the Democratic Party -- a lot of it based upon what I call kind of value, social and moral issues," said John Diehl, R-St.
2256	Frank Solich, former Nebraska head football coach and current football coach, will return to Nebraska for the Outland Trophy Award Dinner on Jan.
2257	Freda was a homemaker that loved to cook, sew, knit, play cards, and do gardening.
2258	Fred met his wife, Dianne, at Gustavus and they were married in December 1963.
2259	Free Application for Federal Student Aid will list the school as a choice if they are eligible.
2260	Free entry Create ’n’ Connect Art and Craft Group Thursday, 9.30am-noon If you’re crafty or want to start getting crafty go along to this group.
2261	Freeman Academy senior Annie Carlson takes aim at a free throw in girls basketball action in Sterling Hall Saturday afternoon, Jan.
2262	Freeman helps a lot, showing us how to do it and what we need to do.
2263	Freeze tolerance in another Antarctic arthropod, Cryptopygus antarcticus, involves cryoprotective dehydration.
2264	Freke and Gandy believe this similarity is due to Jesus and Hercules being basically the same character.
2265	Friday nights were usually steak night unless the head cook was mad at the captain or someone else of significance on board; most of the time, the sailors enjoyed porterhouse or strip steaks for Friday dinner.
2266	Friday, October 30th, 2015BALTIMORE, MD (AFRICAN EXAMINER) Dr. Dakuku Peterside, governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC in Rivers State in the April election has commended the Nigerian Senate for approving the confirmation of Rt.
2267	Friday's Second Murder - Was It Related To The First?
2268	Friday’s win was the first in five sessions.
2269	Friday the 29th of September will see high energy performances from Clive Chigubu, who uses his lightning fast wit and rapport to engage with audiences.
2270	Friend argues that “students are labour, and the administration and faculty are management.”
2271	From 1938 to 1948 alone, Argentina ''added'' 1.2 million square kilometres of territory, a figure schoolchildren began memorizing in 1947.
2272	From 2013 to 2016 he was pastor of the co cathedral of St. Lucia in Durrës and dean of the western deanery of the archdiocese of Tiranë-Durrës, as well as member of the episcopal commission for the liturgy and for the permanent formation of presbyters.
2273	From 2013 to September 2015, disciplinary watchdogs across the country investigated 1.02 million corruption cases and 1.01 million people have been punished accordingly.
2274	From 20 to 30 November, at the provincial libraries and Provincial Library will introduce many books of the world's and national cultural heritage and new edition named "Attractions of Binh Duong Province".
2275	From 4 a.m. on May 20, revellers will party on the street from the “block” in Questelles to Pembroke.
2276	From a tiny pair of shoes for an 18-month-old, to a pair owned by Gabby Giffords, each pair of shoes symbolized the lives impacted by gun violence.
2277	From being outdoors camping and fishing to preparing the best barbecued chicken at family cookouts.
2278	From countries trying to introduce friendly regulations to an explosion of new cryptocurrencies created launching the ICOs.
2279	From destroyed rocky roads to muddy and wet ones, through ice-cold winds and heavy rain, I somehow found myself nearing a place that only few spoke of.
2280	Froment advises Ohioans to be aware of predatory sales practices during open enrollment.
2281	From his spot nearer the back of the pack, Bush did take on Trump, however, and he was the most specific about what he’d do to combat terrorism: “We need to embed our forces — our troops inside the Iraqi military.
2282	From Lalita to Lalit, Maharashtra cop discharged after first sex-change surgeryLalita Salve noticed changes in her body about four years ago and underwent medical tests, after which the Maharashtra police constable was advised a sex reassignment surgery.
2283	From left, Mary Dufina, Trish Martin, and Rogene Huibregtse sell wreaths at the Christmas Bazaar.
2284	From now on, the storied US Pacific Command, or PACOM, which was formed after World War II, will be known as the Indo-Pacific Command.
2285	From Oct. 22 to 24, 2018, the national-level CMHA is holding the Mental Health Conference for All (MH4A).
2286	From Prairie to Field: Photographs by Terry Evans is on display through July 29 at Arkansas Arts Center in Little Rock.
2287	From realizing that, it is only takes a little more reflection to realize that such an American insurgency would draw resolve and inspiration from its dominant religion, Christianity.
2288	From the exhibitors signing up for HORECA, what do you feel will be the newest trends in hospitality in Lebanon?
2289	From the first time Kylie heard this song, she recognised its simple brilliance and made sure her record company secured it for her - it'd already been turned down by S Club 7 and Sophie Ellis Bextor.
2290	From the outset, he stressed the importance of his party getting candidates elected in Quebec, where Jack Layton experienced unprecedented success in 2011.
2291	“From the outside he seems like a good fit for us.”
2292	From the point of view of commercial banks these people are not creditworthy, since they receive less from the state than the minimum wage regulated by law.
2293	From there, nobody, including the performers on stage, knows what will happen next.
2294	From the White House on down, the myth holds that fatherhood is the great antidote to all that ails black people.
2295	From Tiffany Studios to ancient Roman glass, American Fauvism and even a 1962 Rolls-Royce, there’s something for every collector.
2296	“From time to time, I’ve done what a lot of men do, which is … when you don’t treat women the same way you treat men.
2297	“From when I was young my parents have told me the schools in the United States were the best, so I always had that in the back of my mind,” he said.
2298	Front Row (left to Right) Glen Johnson, Steven Gerrard, Wayne Rooney, Aaron Lennon and Ashley Cole.
2299	Froseth noted she is framing a proposal similar to the facility shown on the website for the 7 Clans Casino in Thief River Falls, MN, found under the “Resorts” category on the “Projects” webpage.
2300	Fr paul we loved u but God loves you most.we thank God for the many lives you delivered on earth.may the good lord take you in to his heavenly kingdom.we will live to remember you may you rest in the lord adieu fr paul!
2301	FSZ: What do you think of the food vendor getting a “C”?
2302	Full military honors will be provided by Belmont County Veterans Association at the church.
2303	Fulton County Democratic Party recognized Pauline Lynch for her outstanding service to the party at its February 2012 meeting.
2304	Funding to maintain health benefits for the retired miners was the key roadblock to final passage of the spending bill.
2305	Funeral arrangements were by the JF Ward Funeral Home, Everett.
2306	Funeral Mass were held on, Monday, February 13, 2017 at St. Ann’s Catholic Church, Miller.
2307	Funeral services were held at 11:00 a.m. Friday, November 15, 2013 at Templo Bautista in Friona with Pastor Rafael Marin, officiant.
2308	Funeral services will be 11:00 a.m. Saturday, February 14, 2009 at Gloria Dei Lutheran Church in Cold Spring for Alice A. Schulz, age 89 who died Wednesday at the St. Cloud Hospital.
2309	Funeral services will be held at 11:00 a.m. on Wednesday, March 2, 2016 in the chapel of Lunn Funeral home in Olney with Jessie Edwards, pastor of the Newcastle Baptist Church officiating.
2310	Funeral Services will be held at 11:00 a.m. on Wednesday, May 30, 2018 in the Chapel of Harbourview Funeral Centre presided by Rev. Ed Long.
2311	Funeral Service will be at North Bromsgrove Cemetery on Monday 2nd July 2018 at…
2312	Furstenau, one of Shawnigan’s most prolific bloggers, has not been taken to task about her statements being defamatory.
2313	Further capacity expansions will depend on market demand, Naruke said, but added that new production lines could be built either in Yokkaichi or in Kitakami.
2314	Furthermore, African Energy will also undertake a desktop study to evaluate preferred options for the transmission and integration of 300MW of power supply from Sese into Southern Zambia.
2315	Furthermore, all Soldiers from the battalion are required to go through a weeklong Warrior Development Course (WDC) about six months prior to their WLC class start date; most complete it a week or two prior to their start date.
2316	Furthermore, it is unclear whether government, both within the Department of Defence and the Department of Trade and Industry, has the requisite capacity to monitor and evaluate the implementation of the industrial participation agreements.
2317	Furthermore, Japan Motors was mentioned for making substantial contributions to the Ghanaian community, especially in the fields of education and health.
2318	Furthermore, the fiscal policy statement presented a fortnight ago did not proffer meaningful solutions to the risks bedeviling the economy which include wage bill pressures, the ever-growing trade deficit and continued collapse of companies.
2319	Furthermore, these declined as a share of the total over the period 2000-2014.
2320	Furthermore, upgrading portions of the “cage” to 2x4s meant using longer screws, of which I didn’t have enough.
2321	Furthermore, you have not put forward any logical argument.
2322	Further, these open palms, always with all five fingers spread apart,were often so clear, I was (passingly) tempted to ask to have them fingerprinted.
2323	Fury hurries back and retrieves an object from the SUV.
2324	Gabbard made the trip twice, as an enlisted member of the Hawaii National Guard in 2004, and again as an officer in 2008.
2325	Gadi Tirosh from JVP and Bret Maxwell from MK Capital will join the GameFly Board of Directors.
2326	Gail Porter reveals she has FINALLY decided to start wearing a wig after 13 years of battling alopecia Has been measured up for a 'party wig'
2327	Gallagher saw an opportunity to join a bank in the same market where she already had a book of business, but where she would have a closer relationship with top-level executives.
2328	Game two had just as much firepower but it was Wisconsin that saw themselves on the winning end with a 7-4 victory, earning the series spilt.
2329	Garcetti floated the gondola idea during an interview on a May 8th episode of ABC7’s Eyewitness Newsmakers.
2330	Garcia goes long for first time since being called up.
2331	Gardeners are generous people not only known for sharing their knowledge but also for sharing their extra plants.
2332	Garthwaite’s key goal is working on his strength.
2333	Gary was born without a hip socket and had surgery to create a hip socket using pieces of bone from his thigh when he was 18. After he recovered, he began farming with his father.
2334	Gary was preceded in death by his mother, Mary (Hefley) Norwood and his grandparents who raised him, Jim and Mamie Hefley.
2335	Gas lasers are highly useful in skin resurfacing and laser facelifts.
2336	Gatey was killed the day before her 17th birthday.
2337	Gawande writes, this is a book “…about what it’s like to be creatures who age and die, how medicine has changed the experience and how it hasn’t, where our ideas about how to deal with our finitude have got the reality wrong.”
2338	Genealogies may be cited as far back as the original founder of the clan, if he has not been forgotten or if the genealogical line has not been broken through loss of memory.
2339	General admission is only $20 with kids 16 and younger still free.
2340	Generally, writing worksheets efficiently assists the pupil to grab a lot about writing.
2341	General Motors powered 12.9 percent higher after it announced that Japanese telecom giant SoftBank will invest $2.25 billion in the company’s autonomous car program.
2342	• Geneva Parker Jackson, 25, of 195 Washington St. in Park Forest, was charged with alleged misdemeanor theft.
2343	Genial, mohawked bassist Chris Donley and his pal Cameron Long on drums constitute an effective rhythm team, interlocking their parts to give the songs plenty of punch and power.
2344	Genia says the chance for the youngster to grow more rubbing shoulders with the likes of Foley, Beale, Israel Folau and David Pocock during the three-Test series against Ireland will be invaluable.
2345	Gently place 4 duck eggs into water and cook for 6 minutes making sure the water stays at a slightly rolling boil.
2346	Geoff Smart helped the locals get back to within 36-27 by the halftime break.
2347	George Runner represents more than nine million Californians asVice Chair of the State Board of Equalization.
2348	Georgia is seeing a deep decline in the number of residents dependent on food stamps as the Peach State’s economy continues to rebound from the Great Recession.
2349	Georgian Defense Minister Levan Izoria received the Armenian Ambassador to Georgia Ruben Sadoyan on Wednesday, the Armenian Embassy in Georgia wrote on Facebook.
2350	Gerald Espinosa vividly remembers his anxiety-riddled drive up Colorado’s McClure Pass in May 2015, watching the charge on his fully electric Fiat 500e plummet as he inched toward the 8,755-foot summit.
2351	Gerald Loftin is available by appointment for a financial consultation.
2352	Gerali and Valleroso were also charged with violating the PPS 1027 (h).
2353	German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Sunday she was more open to French President Emmanuel Macron’s plans to reform migration and defence policy in Europe than his hopes to bolster the euro.
2354	Germany doesn’t have individuals that can decide games on their own like France’s Antoine Griezmann, Argentina’s Lionel Messi or Neymar for Brazil.
2355	Germany's pre-World Cup preparations have been full of distractions but Jogi Low masterfully has Germany solely focused on repeating as champions.
2356	Gershow processes junked cars and appliances and ships out the recycled scrap metal by rail.
2357	Gertz said plans include “returning to the stage in the San Francisco Bay Area, another production in a well-regarded regional theater outside of the Bay Area, and taking the show on to New York.”
2358	Get onto it quick as they need to be in by 4th October.
2359	• get references for the contractor and speak to those references.
2360	Get sage advice from master gardeners, who provide detailed planting instructions and label all that’s green with names and planting conditions for easy shopping.
2361	Getting on with their lives is difficult in a nation shuddering under the president's sweeping, stringent new immigration policies.
2362	Getting the world’s best lamb, shrimp and lobster and a thousand accoutrements from all over the hemisphere into the basement kitchen of the W Hotel, 1500 miles away, was the logistical culinary equivalent of D-Day.
2363	Get your $20,000 first home owners grant on this superb 5 bedroom home in Loganholme and enjoy all the pleasures of a brand new home.
2364	Girls Perfecting," which speaks to the confidence the female wrestlers are exuding today.
2365	"Girls" returns to HBO on January on Sun., Jan.
2366	Giuliani, former New York mayor, postponed the trip because of scheduling conflicts, but the controversy over his contract has not abated.
2367	Give a real pathway to citizenship, the ID is a helpful step that makes our communities safe.
2368	Give-a-ways and a chance to win a 2017 Forest Park Aquatic Center Season Pool Pass is included.
2369	“Give Montgomery a lot of credit, they came ready to play,” said Bertrand.
2370	Given his hard-line positions — as clearly seen in an executive order for a travel ban on some Muslim-majority countries and the construction of a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border — no one knows how he will react to the North’s unceasing provocations.
2371	Given that context, the apology offered by counsel has little content and is of equally little effect.
2372	Given this, I found myself feeling very frustrated with the Earthworx story.
2373	Give them something that sounds terrible.
2374	Give three examples of US invasion and occupation producing a stable democratic government.
2375	Give us a call at go green pest control.ca and see how we can help you.
2376	Giving them the opportunity to do critical and creative thinking should allow them to better adapt in the 21st century where conditions are changing and unpredictable.
2377	Glenn always had a nickname for everyone and had fun teasing and playing pranks on them.
2378	Glenorchy’s under-14 girls already boasts a squad of 15 heading into the season and is coached by leading Cripps Tasmanian Roar and Hobart Hurricanes player Julie Hunter.
2379	Global average concentrations of CO2 in 2017 exceeded 400 ppm, and average temperatures were 1.1°Celsius above pre-industrial levels.
2380	Global Marine Power (Wave and Tidal) Market This report studies the global Marine Power (Wave and Tidal) market status and forecast, categorizes the global Marine Power (Wave and Tidal) market size (value & volume) by.
2381	Gluttman mentioned two events in particular that are scheduled in the upcoming months.
2382	GNA - The Ghana Actors Guild (GAD) on Tuesday re-enacted the release of Osagyefo Dr. Kwame Nkrumah from prison following his arrest on January 13, 1948 for calling for positive action against the then colonial government of the Gold Coast.
2383	Gobin Harbhajan, the PM’s representative decided to investigate further and made contact with the Ministry of Telecommunications.
2384	"God willing, the day is close when officially, with God's permission, we will open our embassy there," Erdogan said.
2385	Going back to India for my annual family visit, I realize that I’ve lost the nuances and social protocols that are so prevalent in Asian cultures.
2386	“Going into prelims, we were seeded seventh, and then we ended up getting fourth, and we’re like, ‘Oh, we got this.
2387	Going into Sunday and Monday's chances for rain Milwaukee already has 5.47" of rain which is already two full inches above the average for the entire month.
2388	Golden Delicious pineapple sage made its debut about 15 years ago and has steadily climbed in popularity winning awards across the country.
2389	Golden set the franchise record for the most home runs in a GJ Rockies' season with 16 on Tuesday.
2390	Goldschmidt went 3-for-4 - his fourth straight game with at least three hits - and has 16 hits in eight games in June after collecting 14 hits in 27 games in May.
2391	Good Bear offered one lesson now, and promised more in the future.
2392	Good luck trying to find common ground.
2393	Goodson's vehicle was eastbound on State Route 117 when she reportedly failed to stop at the red light at the intersection of Shawnee Road, according to a Shawnee Township Police Department news release.
2394	Google is currently trialling visual search in its Google Lens feature.
2395	Google project: Milla Dorfling, Jett Morley, principal, Melissa Merchant, Aaris Hunter (back), Adam Morgan, Gilbert Woods, Noah Rodger and Jake Rands (front).
2396	Gopax, launched in November 2017, is the latest form of Streami’s blockchain-related businesses.
2397	Gorham said he doesn’t have access to his professors’ salaries, and has no idea what they make.
2398	Goshen’s Matthew Hodge also advanced in the Division I meet, placing fourth in the 300 meter hurdles with a time of 39.86 seconds.
2399	Got a secret to share, Boris?
2400	Go to see the full list of finalists (14 libraries, 15 museums), of which the Cuyahoga County Public Library is the only one from Ohio.
2401	Gov. Erico Aumentado has left it all to the Department of Education and Commission on Audit to decide on the request for an extension of occupancy by over 40 families at the at least 1.1-hectare site of the new Capitol in Cogon District, Tagbilaran City.
2402	Government air strikes took place in the rebel enclave on Sunday - soon after the resolution was agreed in New York, although at far lower level than in previous days.
2403	Government critics also say other voters were pressured into voting for Maduro.
2404	Government is now working to consolidate agriculture through, among other things, investing more resources in water harvesting and irrigation development.”
2405	Government only cares about this one thing.
2406	Governments can still cap temperatures below the strict 1.5C ceiling only with "rapid and far-reaching" transitions in the world economy, according to the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).
2407	Governments need to make a concentrated effort to work through the political intricacies that have bottlenecked pipeline expansions and determine the impact, if any, on rail service for other commodities.
2408	Governor of Enugu State, Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi has fired the management and board of Rangers International FC of Enugu for failing to retain the Nigerian Professional Football League (NPFL) title.
2409	"Grace and You Cooking" show with Open Your Eyes - Grace Kennedy Belize.
2410	Grad students are indispensable for making the material that’s taught accessible for everyone.
2411	"Graduate students are helping us out and the Kane County Health Department jumped on board."
2412	Graham Nicholls, head of home insurance at MORE TH>N, said: “Building snowmen is one of the classic winter pastimes and a great opportunity for friends and family to come together.
2413	GRAMMY-winning guitarist Will Ackerman, pianist Fiona Joy, guitarist Lawrence Blatt and flugelhornist Jeff Oster create compelling contemporary music as FLOW.
2414	Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands--(Newsfile Corp. - April 3, 2018) - Tethys Petroleum Limited (TSXV: TPL.
2415	Grand Duke Henri of Luxembourg is my choice for power forward.
2416	Grand Lake improves their record to 7-7 on the year while the Graders drop to 6-7.
2417	Grant arrived at Everton's Academy in 2008 but leaves without having made a first-team appearance.
2418	Granted, a few nights ago he said some stupid things on a voice mail message left for his 12-year-old daughter Ireland.
2419	Grants are now available to encourage and enable community groups to set up social eating clubs in their village or neighbourhood, and parish councils in Eden are able to apply for grant funding to develop a community activity page on their website.
2420	Graveside services will be held at the Lake City Cemetery at 11:00 a.m. on Friday September 19th, 2008.
2421	Graveside service will be at 3 p.m. Sunday at the Church of Christ Cemetery in Williams.
2422	Grease bottom and side of 8 inch round pan, or 9 inch pie pan.
2423	GREAT ACHIEVEMENT: Project Booyah graduation ceremony.
2424	Great blog here!
2425	Great for those rainy days at camp this summer.
2426	Great guy he makes it simple to understand.
2427	Great legacy for our departed hero.
2428	• Great potential earnings.
2429	Great Yarmouth’s Sophie McKinna will renew her rivalry with Rachel Wallader after both were named in an 11-strong GB team for the European Throwing Cup in Portugal.
2430	Greene, who is worth close to $4 billion, made his fortune through real estate investments.
2431	GREENFIELD — Curry’s Chapel United Methodist Church will serve a chicken noodle dinner from 5 to 7 p.m. April 21 at the church, 3488 N. County Road 375E.
2432	GREENTV is hosted by environmental experts and "green" hosts from around the globe, who commit their daily lives to transform the way we live and take care of our environment for future generations!
2433	GREENVILLE – Vandalia-Butler had the potential winning run on base in the seventh inning Monday evening, but the Greenville softball team held on for a 5-4 Greater Western Ohio Conference victory.
2434	Greg Longmuir – Let the kids have fun.
2435	Gretzky’s stats put him well ahead of what great NHL players accomplish.
2436	Grgurich argued that the City spends too much money to contractors for work it could do itself.
2437	Group is said to be playing a vital role in development and growth of tourism industry in Tanzania by providing its nearly 250 members with latest information, advice, and tools needed to capitalise on influx of tourists visiting the country.
2438	Growing shortage of irrigation water is also going to be a major challenge in coming years and the country will have to pay the price for this short sightedness.
2439	Growing up, Christman worked with tennis coach Oak Saad, a tennis director at the YMCA of Greater Kalamazoo.
2440	Growing up in Orange County, with most parents on my block working for the defense industry, the 80s were a very scary time as a kid thinking about nuclear war.
2441	Gunn, who is returning to North Leigh, was voted player of the season last year and Ford admitted it had been a difficult decision to make.
2442	Gupta (his full name is not given any where) hails from Varanasi (also called Kasi and Banaras) where he was educated; he started his life as a lecturer in Mathematics at the Banaras Hindu University.
2443	Gupta's passion for inspiring Americans to lead healthier, more active lives led him to launch "Fit Nation," CNN's multi-platform lifestyle initiative on his weekly series, "Sanjay Gupta, MD", which was nominated 4 times for a daytime Emmy award.
2444	Guyana has been commended for its strides to implement legislations and other measures to combat money laundering.
2445	Haaretz was told, however, that Hamas has stopped transferring money to government hospitals.
2446	Hackney Carriages licensed in Luton are now allowed to use unguided sections of the busway.
2447	Hackworth was arrested in December of last year after the body of Doss was found in a ditch near Mt. Orab on October 13 of 2017.
2448	"Had to accept certain degrees of it to serve & serve I would because I was called.
2449	Had two threes and a four in his first three games and few had any faith in him improving, but turned it round in devastating style.
2450	Hai discovered the map numbered 106, called Partie de la Cochinchine, part of the Atlas when she studied in the French National Library.
2451	Hainan will fully engage in the Belt and Road Initiative and push ahead with the construction of an economic cooperation zone around the South China Sea, Liu told Xinhua in a recent interview.
2452	Haines said he also worries that the fewer times the city has to evaluate if permits should be renewed, the worse for the public.
2453	Haiti is now bracing for a mass return of its citizens.
2454	Half of them were individuals and nearly 30 percent were children.
2455	Halifax, Nova Scotia (FSCwire) - Namibia Rare Earths Inc. (TSXV:NRE) (“Namibia Rare Earths” or the “Company”) announced today that the Company has changed its corporate name to Namibia Critical Metals Inc. and its.
2456	HALIFAX – With just hours to go before a threatened strike, the union at the Halifax shipyard building the next generation of Royal Canadian Navy vessels has agreed to go back to the bargaining table.
2457	Hamburger lovers are a most subjective lot.
2458	• HAMBURGERS: Hamburgers, hot dogs, baked beans and potato salad will be offered at the Tipp City American Legion Post 586 for $6.
2459	Hamden came in third in the tournament but the team’s weekend was far from over.
2460	Hand-in-hand we walked with my smallest on my hip.
2461	Hands free cell phone use seems a lot like talking to a passenger.
2462	Hank cut saplings and strung them with chicken wire to create a labyrinth of walls on which to hang paintings.
2463	Hank Strecker passed away on Monday, March 5, 2018.
2464	Hannah Kriz competed in the Under 18 girls category and had podium places in all four of her events—2nd in discus (24.16m); 2nd in hammer throw (23.15m); 3rd in shotput (9.01m); and 3rd in javelin (17.74m).
2465	Happy belated birthday to Rachel Geer, Josh Carley’s special friend, August 8. Hope your day was very special.
2466	Happy faces were seen by all.
2467	Harare, Zimbabwe (News of the South)-The registration process has already started across the country in the run-up to the 2018 harmonised elections.
2468	Harbaugh and Flacco helped the Ravens reach the AFC championship game that season and have been synonymous with winning ever since.
2469	Hardly leadership material, more like communist rule.
2470	Hare jokes that, for guys, it’s most often a parent that makes the first telephone contact with their son’s roommates.
2471	Harmony Korine’s directorial debut has little-to-no plot.
2472	Harris County officials said they do not expect any impact to structures along Buffalo Bayou for at least the next 24 hours as the continue to perform releases from the reservoirs.
2473	Harry Branter, Robert Fleming and Kenneth Ray, all of town, and Tom Varden of Mercersburg, attended the races at Indianapolis on Memorial Day.
2474	Harry Harris, the firebrand former head of the US Pacific Command and President Donald Trump's former nominee to be US ambassador to Australia, has backed an expected pause of US military exercises with South Korea.
2475	HARTFORD - Bubba Watson will once again be returning to TPC River Highlands.
2476	Has anyone’s burden been lighter today because I was willing to share?
2477	Has no political experience.
2478	Hasn't the current one been violated many times?
2479	Has the attitude of the authorities of Kyrgyzstan towards ethnic minorities become better or worse since Mr Atambayev and the new parliament were elected?
2480	Has there been many changes in this industry during your time?
2481	Havana, Cuba, Jan 30.- The 2nd Summit of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States (CELAC) was brought to a close on Wednesday in this capital by Army General Raul Castro, President of the Cuban councils of State and Ministers.
2482	HAVANA, Cuba, May 14 (ACN) Cuba's Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez Parrilla arrived on Monday to Brussels, Belgium in the first stop of a European tour that will also take him to Switzerland.
2483	Have a slush fund for unexpected expenses.
2484	Have a tall drink of water handy when you dive into the Deathstar Wings at Grad School (434 S. Jefferson Ave., Springfield, 417-866-8163).
2485	Have you always dreamt of becoming a nurse, midwife, or paramedic but feel you left school without the necessary qualifications?
2486	Have you ask yourself why they continually try to ridicule and down play our self EMPOWERMENT.
2487	Have you ever seen trees growing in rocks without soil?
2488	"Have you finished your homework?"
2489	Have you made any short films?
2490	Have you spent a night in the great outdoors?
2491	Have you tried to reduce them?
2492	Having a green thumb most her life, Meadow Lake resident Pat Morley is the perfect fit when it comes to serving as coordinator of the Willow Creek Community Garden.
2493	Having been badly hit by the sanctions, North Korea may use its warming relations with South Korea in order to win concessions in the coming months, which could potentially leave both the US and Japan in a lurch.
2494	Having been quite critical, I should find a something good to say.
2495	Having done that, the Governor should emphasize that the Labour Party obviously enjoys the support of many communities, else how could it get so great a poll in Port Louis?
2496	Having held sway in the unequal struggle with Alexis Tsipras over the terms of a third bailout, Merkel has ensured that the 19-nation euro zone remains a club whose members abide by the rules or are shown the door.
2497	“Having other people running with you helps you keep on track with your training regimen,” he said.
2498	Hayes, a first grade teacher at St. Philip the Apostle School, Camp Springs, is one of 10 winners of the Archdiocese of Washington’s prestigious annual Golden Apple Teacher Awards, which recognizes excellence among archdiocesan Catholic schoolteachers.
2499	Haye threw a punch at Bellew at a news conference in 2016 before their first fight last year, but this time it was the Liverpudlian throwing his weight around.
2500	Hazel Antaramian-Hofman’s parents also repatriated to Soviet Armenia in the 1940s.
2501	He acknowledged the Congress MP’s request that the Bill should be studied on its legal and constitutional merits.
2502	He added: “I'm not thinking about that too much, to be honest.
2503	He added: “I say that when a girl walks about like that, it is a patriotic duty to sexually harass her and a national duty to rape her.”
2504	He added that belonging to a political party or a religious group is prohibited in the army.
2505	He added that Freedom Caucus members felt they had been promised a vote on the Goodlatte bill for months and weren't willing to take a promise from leadership to vote on it in June.
2506	He added that the banking sector stocks were being negatively impacted by regulatory policies and the Central Bank of Nigeria’s guidelines.
2507	He added that the next move is likely to come from Kuwait, which – like Oman – did not withdraw its ambassadors.
2508	He added, “The reality of Christ’s presence in the Eucharist and the profundity of His mercy offered in confession drew me to a deeper life of prayer.
2509	Heading to Johannesburg, though, he declared himself eager and ready for the challenge of leading the U.S. in its World Cup campaign.
2510	Heading to the polls at the same time as Germany could be useful.
2511	He admits that there may be loftier realms than this where an artist can make a living.
2512	Headquartered in Gurgaon, the dynamic organization, harbours a vision of design excellence and innovation, and intends to scale up operations in robust economies of India, Singapore, Saudi Arabia, Sri Lanka & Bangladesh.
2513	Heads and stuff like that.
2514	He affirmed that the Yorubas are the ones leading in broadcasting, culture and tourism and urged the members of the association to be committed to the mission and objectives of establishing the association as the station is ready to partner with them.
2515	Heagle admitted she sometimes misses cooking when she gets tied up with computers, customers and staff.
2516	He allowed a leadoff single and got the next two outs, but a wild pitch and a walk put runners at the corners.
2517	He also advised Vietnamese firms before investing to carefully research Australia’s demands and make sure they stand out from competitors.
2518	He also blanked Los Angeles 1-0 in Game 4 of the first round.
2519	He also died peacefully at his home in Goring, England, according to his family.
2520	He also edited the translation of the holy Qur'an done by the former Chief Kadhi of Kenya Sheikh Abdalla Saleh Farsy.
2521	He also enjoyed a season in the English Premiership with Newcastle Falcons.
2522	He also enjoyed going to about 15 of the activities and booths that were held as part of the school’s health and wellness week.
2523	He also enjoyed riding around StoneBridge in his motorized wheelchair and talking to everyone.
2524	He also enjoyed wood working, fish ing, hunting, and was an avid golfer.
2525	He also had faced questions about an alleged extramarital encounter (he was, and is still married, to Lynda Bird Johnson) with a former Miss Virginia.
2526	He also he said the commercial ambulance fee wasn’t significant enough to become in attracting new businesses to the county.
2527	He also met with a number of major players in the tourism sector, including the New York State Executive Director of Tourism, Gavin Landry, and several heads of professional groups and members of tourism distribution networks.
2528	He also offers a constant invitation to pause, even for just a few moments, as we go through the course of our day, to set aside for a moment whatever is our task, to give a few words of thanks and praise to our Savior.
2529	He also referred to the impending expiration of the of the which is scheduled to expire in September 2012, stressing that the expiration had potential devastating impact on textile producing countries such as Lesotho.
2530	He also sings and plays drums in a rock band of firefighters.
2531	He also suggested the maintenance of Me Néhémy Joseph (Senate) and Léopold Berlanger (CSPJ) in the Provisional Electoral Council (CEP).
2532	He also talked of the geometry of swords and how they could be swung.
2533	He also thinks illegal immigration is fueling the opioid epidemic, according to his campaign website.
2534	He also went through much toil-and-moil by working odd jobs.
2535	He always knew how to make them laugh or entertain them with his fascinating stories and Bible lessons.
2536	He and his wife are still unemployed.
2537	He and his wife Caddye were married in 1890 and had three children, Louise, Ladelle and Lewie.
2538	He and his wife Teresa have two kids.
2539	He and his wife will move to the Roaring Fork Valley.
2540	He and Thomas joined the ‘Congregation of the Holy Cross’ in 1929.
2541	He answered with a nonchalant ‘look around you’ kind of gesture as he again removed the busy bottle of rum from its little portable cooler.
2542	He appreciates the work Faul started with the KHS teachers related to curriculum and the state standards for each subject area, and intends to continue that emphasis.
2543	Hearne’s music holds a special appeal for lovers of musical and written literature as his work explores the interface of language and sound.
2544	He asked what more Zuma had to do to prove that he was a loyal ANC member.
2545	Heat 2 tablespoons oil in medium skillet with ovenproof handle over medium-high heat.
2546	Heat about 1 1/2 inches of oil in a wide, heavy pot set over medium-high heat until hot but not smoking.
2547	Heating and cooling your home accounts for more than half of that.
2548	Heaton suggested the council consider using the property occupied by the former Nelson County Industries building on Allison Avenue.
2549	Heavy rains may for roads across San Antonio and South Texas to close.
2550	He becomes the country’s first king since 1890.
2551	He beleives it is not right and not justifiable, nor fair at all levels, be it at the top, middle or the ranks.
2552	He briefly mentioned the 2017 Las Vegas shooting and Hurricane Harvey recovery efforts as examples of community members helping each other and proving goodness in human nature.
2553	He broke several records running track and was selected as an All- State receiver his senior year by the Deseret News.
2554	He calls the cast of mostly young men, “my brothers.
2555	He came back in the evening and found Ms Tavengerwei in the company of Mbano.
2556	He cites a CPD study in March this year that shows that foreigners are working at 16 per cent of RMG factories in Bangladesh.
2557	Heck, Greg sat on it for two days before he let anyone hear it because he wasn't sure if it was brilliant or horrible.
2558	He commended the State Government for its developmental strides within a short period in office.
2559	He congratulated SMIT for its successful journey of 21 years.
2560	He continued to work and was overpaid £15,066 in benefit.
2561	He continues his mental health treatment, including medication, at MHP.
2562	He continues to require medical assistance for on-going complications as a result of his injury.
2563	"He could have just bought a car and driven the 20 minutes himself for less," one Twitter user said.
2564	He could keep his younger wife and remain married to the mother of his children at the same time?"
2565	He'd agreed to meet at a location the buyer selected, but the man showed up with backup in the form of four friends.
2566	He declared, “The people of J&K shall work to demolish the walls of hatred by the winds of their love and fraternity.
2567	He declined to give a statement and requested a lawyer, Lara said.
2568	He describes this as a turning point, when he realized “we could attract top talent.”
2569	He did not make any comment during the hearing, while his lawyer said that the Prosecution does not have any evidence neither for the bribe, nor for his connections with professors.
2570	He did not seem too well.
2571	He didn't have a brace on Saturday afternoon.
2572	He died from his injuries the next day.
2573	He displays ads and news stories from the 1920s: “Keep Penticton White; We Want White Fruit Packers; Another Chinaman is given ticket and told to leave Oliver.”
2574	He divorced his wife who took everything he had and fled with some young boy (so I have heard).
2575	“He doesn’t want to be on TV.
2576	He emphasised the need for love among Nigerians to fulfill the purpose God brought us together, saying cooperation is better than competition.
2577	He especially enjoyed making clocks.
2578	He even fantasizes seeing Kim at the White House.
2579	He fills out his visitors’ paperwork, which is required but unnecessary; whenever he visits, somebody always assumes he is Aaron’s brother.
2580	He flew above the Mendenhall Glacier, which feeds the river.
2581	He followed up his words and strategy diagrams with money to support.
2582	He follows Deb very faithfully.
2583	He formed OTV, Inc. and his first project was to convert the nursing student residence of the old Alexandria Hospital into the Swann-Daingerfield Condominium.
2584	He formerly ran the environment ministry.
2585	He further encouraged women looking for opportunities to participate in the political spectrum of the country to rise to the challenge and contribute to the well-being of a Country they call home – Zambia.
2586	He further stressed that Dove TV will be broadcasting the mix of foreign participating countries and Nigeria stream, while Kwese TV Channel 800 will be broadcasting the Nigerian event.
2587	He gave his young life and bright prospects for his country at the age of 21 years, 11 months and 8 days.
2588	He got a job in a store where he was hired to do illustrations and it would seem that the universe had already at that point decided that he should work with Christmas, as he was told to make window decorations for the holidays.
2589	He graduated with the last class of Meridian High School, and was a University of Washington Alumni.
2590	He had a good measuring stick to go with late and learned a lot, but on Monday I wanted to ride him with a bit of cover and teach him to be in a field," Ryan said.
2591	He had also called on his fellow party executives to learn from the abandonment they suffered under Mahama and vote for Bagbin to lead the party.
2592	He had a traffic warrant out of San Bernadino, was arrested and taken to the drunk tank.
2593	He had gone six games and 27 at-bats since his previous home run on May 3. Although there.
2594	He had studied exercises in participatory budgeting that had been undertaken successfully in other cities around the world, and wanted to see if it could work in Hamilton.
2595	He had taken it on a length of telephone wire with a huge triple hook and a primitive bait of flour paste, but it had required eight strong men to haul it out.
2596	He has 26 players on his roster, with 15 players who were on the team last year.
2597	He has a contract with the city, modeled after the police chief’s contract.
2598	He has all but two of the cookie’s limited release flavors.
2599	He has also served as senior registrar in Urology, at Musgrove Park Hospital and Ipswich Hospital, UK.
2600	He has also worked as a contract lobbyist, and owned his own media and communications company.
2601	He has a sister Emma Moreau.
2602	He has become a living embodiment that nothing is impossible in life.
2603	He has extensively covered scholars of the New Kyoto school, the heads of tea ceremony and flower arrangement schools, as well as maiko in the Gion area of the city.
2604	"He has grown up in our church, I baptized him many (years) ago.
2605	He has held the post since 2002.
2606	He has hit out at authorities saying that he and other young people are being “let down” and that “more could be done” to tackle the blight knife and motorbike crime which has left him unable to leave the house.
2607	He has maintained his strong physique over the years by clean eating and regular trips to the gym.
2608	He has since written about the Middle East and antisemitism for various newspapers, including The Guardian, Newsday and the Middle East Quarterly, as well as Italian newspapers Il Corriere del Ticino, Il Foglio and Libero.
2609	He has the attention span of a bubble and the energy of a toddler who's been marinated in Mountain Dew.
2610	He hopes to be able to make the Olympic Team for Rio in 2016.
2611	Heidi Tavares, AVID coordinator at McNary, said teachers welcomed the flexibility.
2612	He immediately adds, "Let's also not forget that we have three more years of Utility Users Tax rate reductions to look forward to (FY 03, 04, and 05).
2613	Heim says the extra expense comes at a bad time and the humane society is in desperate need of donations.
2614	Heinbecker: $5 billion later and 500,000 Haitians still live in tents.
2615	He insisted that the matter should not end with an order for the money to be refunded but 'Betty Mould Iddrisu should also be arrested.
2616	He is a co-founder and one of the main leaders of the World Social Forum.
2617	He is a long hitter but I would also stick to my approach and putt game.
2618	He is also a member of various local advisory boards.
2619	He is also being disloyal to Tory’s mayoral vision of making road users pay road tolls to defray billions of dollars in roadwork.
2620	He is also survived by his siblings: Robert Roby of Findlay; Richard Roby of Lima; Randy Roby of Yorkshire, Ohio.
2621	He is also survived by many great-nieces and nephews and his many relatives living in Ohio.
2622	He is board certified in family medicine and is a fellow of the American Academy of Family Physicians.
2623	He is currently dean of men.
2624	He is currently lodged in the county jail on $150,000 bond.
2625	He is doing quite a lot, he has put forward some information which perhaps has been very divisive.
2626	He is expected to deliver a statement later today.
2627	He is in the HAL Program.
2628	He is mocked by some, ignored by others.
2629	He is now a figure of hate in South Africa after his confrontation with South Africa wicketkeepe.
2630	He is obligated by the Costa Rican Constitution to give the annual report.
2631	He is on a 10-month scholarship with the China-Africa Press Center in Beijing.
2632	He is planning to offer a menu similar to the other three Italia Gardens locations at the Grand Blanc restaurant.
2633	He is survived by his wife, Adi Kavu Seniloli, and three daughters and two sons from an earlier marriage.
2634	He is survived by his wife, Blanche E. (Gardner) Woodard.
2635	He is survived by Kathy, his wife of 30 years and his mother Dorothy Barnard who resides in Colorado.
2636	He is survived by two daughters, Julie Edwards of Nashville and Carol Reynolds of Pocahontas; and two grandchildren.
2637	He is urging the security companies to work together with the law enforcement agencies to ensure that these incidents come to an end.
2638	He joined the army while at university and moved to the south for battles.
2639	He just made an amazing shot.
2640	He just needed me to grovel, to beg his forgiveness, to massage his ego.
2641	He just wears a hat and glasses like Tim. He’s been around for a while now, and has no intention of leaving.
2642	He knew he wanted to be a radio presenter right from childhood.
2643	Held every 2 weeks, evening venue in Plett.
2644	He learned to explore and market for this new business of freelancing.
2645	He, like many others, are gearing up.
2646	He, like many residents in the state, were hoping the winter months would bring rain, "I was hoping for more El Nino I was hoping for more rain," he says.
2647	He lived in the boys-quarters with other domestic staff.
2648	Hellas Planitia Spaceport: Elon Musk shared stunning travel posters ahead of SpaceX Mars trip!
2649	Hellawell said hate calls to Sports Direct's customer services team jumped by more than 100 per cent after the MP conducted a number of interviews concerning the 2016 probe.
2650	He'll go into the Hall of Fame one day.
2651	Hellmann said that a rail line only one or two miles long would not be economically sound.
2652	He looked very worried about the fact that his mobile phone was ringing and he couldn’t answer it.
2653	He looks at your outfits and says things like “you’re not going out like that are you?”
2654	He looks different than he did in his most recent DCEU film, especially when it comes to his tattoos.
2655	He loved spending time in the door-to-door ministry sharing his hope of everlasting life in paradise.
2656	He loves passing what he knows to his children and friends.
2657	“Helping my clients navigate through the tedious process that comes with buying or selling a home is very rewarding and fulfilling,” said Ms.
2658	Help us save and improve the Guild so that it doesn't meet the same fate as the Park Theater back in 2002.
2659	Helrich recalls a time when he asked several science professor to work over the summer with him without pay.
2660	He makes it possible for them to feed the people.
2661	He may not be psychic, but he's certainly no dummy.
2662	He named the street, described the house, and said the baby’s name was Michael.
2663	Henceforth, I expect all persons of good will to stop maligning our cousin, Neanderthal.
2664	Hence the people waving those famous “Keep Government Out of My Medicare!”
2665	He never regained consciousness and died on July 11, 1937.
2666	He never switched to another county, playing for Gloucester right to the end and piling in the runs year in and year out.
2667	He noted with sadness the diminishing Sinhala population there.
2668	He noticed that Antonio’s armpit “muscles” were removed.
2669	He often hosted kayaking ventures along the Big Sioux River and bicycle tours through southeastern South Dakota.
2670	He only sells one Juul device and its prepacked pods at a time.
2671	He produces his television show in Los Angeles, where he has also produced movies.
2672	He proposed about $76 million each in transfers and budget cuts, and $75 million in temporary taxes, including the work-comp charge.
2673	He provides challenge and inspiration for individuals and organizations to reach beyond the confines of their current experiences.
2674	"He put it back on the luxury scene and made it an undisputed reference.
2675	He quotes a long passage from Vice President David Truman’s book, “The Governmental Process,” on public hearings being a spectacle that sensationalizes the events of the protest in an attempt to avoid true reform.
2676	Her address may have disappointed many in the West seeking a clearer position from the Nobel laureate but it went down well among many in Myanmar who share little sympathy for the Rohingya in general and blame terrorists for the violence.
2677	He (Rahul) put forth some questions to which I answered.”
2678	Herbal water with citrus, mint, and lemongrass.
2679	Her book about three generations of an Irish-American family in New Jersey, inspired in part by Napolitano’s own upbringing, will be published in paperback by Three Rivers Press on June 28.
2680	Her brain bubbling with ideas, Vukusic called the publisher when she got back home to Kamloops.
2681	Her charm, timing and physicality keep things moving through the 90-minute performance (plus a 15-minute intermission), even rising above the script’s brief but uncharacteristic dip into the maudlin after a particularly promising beau proves a no-show.
2682	Her current show at Do’s Deluxe, 416 East 9th Street in Lawrence, opened last week and runs through December 29, 2012.
2683	Her dedication was recognized and she was named WGN teacher of the month.
2684	He realised when he was fit, he had to make the most of it.
2685	Here are some pictures but we have plenty more.
2686	Here are some that caught my attention during 2017.
2687	Here are the best places to play in Tahoe.
2688	Here at This is Money – and since I have been writing about the coin craze – we try to make sure we get an accurate as possible value on coins that can turn up in your change.
2689	Here, gestating and lactating sows will depend on forage to meet some of their nutritional needs.
2690	He regrets that he quit school because he became a khat addict.
2691	Here in the Diocese of Springfield, Illinois, we are blessed to have a fully functioning Tribunal with a highly competent staff who possess the required credentials.
2692	Here I’ve worked since I was 11 years old to get there, and I was told, ‘You will be buried, you will never work in this industry again.’
2693	He relented "No," and suggested I call back on Monday to speak with Larry.
2694	He remembered his mother sending him over to the cake shop down the street whenever they ran out of luxuries like rice and flour.
2695	Here's the inside story.
2696	Here’s what else is making news in the Sept. 5, 2017 edition of the Tofield Mercury, on newsstands now!
2697	He retired as a sales representative for Prudential Insurance and was a veteran of the U.S. Army, Merchant Marines and National Guard.
2698	He retired as a supervisor of maintenance for General Motors.
2699	He retired from Armco Steel in 1982 as a supervisor and superintendent.
2700	He returned to sit on the bench, his left knee bandaged, and limped onto the pitch to encourage his teammates at the start of both periods of extra time.
2701	Her first major hire — Athletics Director John Currie — was suspended and ultimately fired after the fumbled football coaching search.
2702	Her focus prior to leaving the workplace was on the abstract world of cyberspace and software and, as she often lamented, the horrors of surviving middle-management limbo.
2703	Her hopes for an education and a better future soared.
2704	Her husband’s ministry will have him overseeing the altar server ministry at Resurrection Parish in Tempe and heading Ministry of Care.
2705	Her little girl with bright blue eyes was a constant reminder of all that is precious.
2706	Her message: "We are all related."
2707	Her mother Paddy’s side has a history of cancer (five women – all her mom’s sisters) – but, she said, they were all diagnosed in their 60s.
2708	Her passion was her work, her children, her grandchildren great-grandchildren.
2709	Her right wrist is so weak, she can't open a jar and can barely lift a fork.
2710	Her statement also disputed Furlong's claim that the RCMP had cleared him of wrongdoing.
2711	Her struggle may be almost outlandishly intense and she by no means comes to a perfect ending, but darkness in a central female character is rare.
2712	Her time also broke the regional record in the event for 15 and over girls.
2713	Her training school offers over 12 different hair extension techniques.
2714	He said aid workers are working tirelessly across South Sudan with the sole aim of saving lives and alleviating the suffering of civilians caught-up in conflict and desperate circumstances.
2715	He said bipartisan negotiations over DACA have been underway for months, “but they can go nowhere until the Senate Democrats realize the extreme path their leader has charted leads them nowhere.”
2716	He said he doesn't have an agenda going into office.
2717	He said he had 12 interviews at the AFL Draft Combine and five before it.
2718	He said he had long suspected Statkus, who has since been released from custody and now awaits trial.
2719	He said he is still negotiating with all of the lenders.
2720	He said he never visited Netanyahu at his personal Caesarea residence, and he conditioned working for him as cabinet secretary on his duties being only professional and not political.
2721	He said he planned to release the report to Alameda County Supervisors on Tuesday morning at the supervisors’ regular meeting.
2722	He said he’s very proud of his entire department daily and he’s proud of them because both projects have the crews working out in the weather.
2723	He said he wouldn't because if they came up they would be killed.
2724	He said his data established there was not stray current from the power plant or the ground electrode, but from galvanic and geomagnetic voltages.
2725	He said his government was taking steps in ‘this direction and best talent will be tapped’.
2726	He said if the Ministry thinks it is expensive to fund the trip of the team, it should either cut down on the number of officials or seek for further financial support to enable the Team Ghana make its appearance at the Games.
2727	He said: “If we claim on our individual insurance the premiums will go through the roof.
2728	He said it includes the construction of a bottling plant, a multi-column still and a bio-methanisation plant.
2729	He said: “It is helpful to raise these matters on a big stage because the message will get through to the Department of Transport.
2730	He said its place in the World Rugby Museum display reflects its global nature and reach.
2731	He said it was a special place to share the book because his children went to the school and he used to be on the board of trustees.
2732	He said it was she who got him work as a Secretary of National Legal Aid Committee when he resigned from the Youth Congress following a direct confrontation with Mr. Sanjay Gandhi in 1975.
2733	He said: “I work at a dental clinic where a lot of our patients are working-class folks.
2734	He said sideshow alley was busy and there were several big rides this year that were well received.
2735	He said that he enjoys serving the students and he didn’t expect he would lose much business because of the on-campus vendors.
2736	“He said that he was famous because there were these people that he didn’t even know and they know who he was, so that makes him famous,” she said.
2737	He said that separatist organizations should not be in a race to issue strike calls or formulate individual programs.
2738	He said that since that January 2012 when he came to office, his administration in the local government has spent about N5 million for the treatment of 50 people who were injured from various attacks.
2739	He said that the other suspect jumped over a wall into a resident’s house where he was attacked by dogs that bit through his wrists.
2740	He said that the sports that he had tried before were not absolute remedies to release stress.
2741	He said the administration is too busy trying to clear the mess of 16 years and build on its unprecedented achievements over the past three years.
2742	He said the art and culture ties between the two countries were great with Bollywood movies being screened with German subtitles over the weekend in Berlin.
2743	He said the classrooms themselves are a bit mixed.
2744	He said the homelessness situation has gotten worse, but he doesn’t want to see a permanent solution applied to what he considers a temporary problem.
2745	He said the individuals were from Africa.
2746	He said their lives were in "extreme danger" and the international community should put as much time and money into helping children as security operations.
2747	He said the kids don't have any idea who he is, but they see the college players as their heroes.
2748	He said the PPP failed to understand that the public service is the bedrock of efficient service on which government stands and called on members that while they look to a better future to not forget the past.
2749	He said the previous two events – one in Yangon and another in Mandalay – were very successful, as around 3,000-4,000 visited each exhibition day.
2750	He said there were no fears about the traveling of Daesh gunmen to Afghanistan.
2751	He said there were seven boats working Hilton Head at the time.
2752	He said there were six passengers and one crew member aboard.
2753	He said Zambians were very right to get angry about their demand for a fair share of the country's mineral revenue.
2754	He says a crisis response team is in place and counselling is being offered to anyone who needs it.
2755	He says Justify has been “moving over the track really well,” adding “this is what a trainer hopes to see the day before his horse runs.”
2756	He says many want to speak out but are afraid.
2757	He says Rwanda has no resources for providing defence lawyers but if foreign groups want to become involved they can operate in complete freedom.
2758	He says there’s a huge effort to keep them out of B.C. Hare warns that these mussels are very destructive.
2759	He says there will be an investigation into why the police turned Matsatsi away and not offered the assistance he required.
2760	He says these former opposition leaders were still adjusting to their new role.
2761	He says trucks and buses are forced to use the pavement to pass each other, and fears a serious accident will soon happen.
2762	He scored 21 points in the 4th quarter.
2763	He seems to forget that this is not his call.
2764	"He seems to have technical skills that are more advanced than the technical skills of the average person," Guest said.
2765	He sees Trump’s election as the first solid steps toward a new, post-America, whites-only nation.
2766	He’s engaged with community members over issues like affordable housing, including the failed “1 percent for housing” campaign to raise the resort tax by a percentage point and funnel the proceeds into workforce housing.
2767	He served in the U.S. Air Force and is a veteran of the Korean War.
2768	He’s gonna record as many 7“ vinyl records as he possibly can.
2769	He signed a three year contract and he was only five months to go before the end.
2770	He’s in his early 20s and lives on the farm with his wife and kids.
2771	“He’s just very composed.”
2772	He's not as famous here as his contemporary Simón Bolívar, but José de San Martín is another patriot who helped free South America from Spanish rule.
2773	He’s one of those guys on the field that really just sparks the team overall.”
2774	He specifically criticised US National Security Adviser John Bolton, who has called for North Korea to quickly give up its nuclear arsenal in a deal that would mirror Libya's abandonment of its program for weapons of mass destruction.
2775	He spent the majority of his career in Mansfield, serving patients at Mid-Ohio Heart Clinic.
2776	He spoke with the resident, who said nothing was missing.
2777	He's since stopped taking our calls and answering our text message requests for comment, but we have our records to show that out of respect for his professional reputation and the very serious allegations made, we made attempts.
2778	He's talking to his mentor.
2779	He started out selling water to churchgoers in the Valdez Road community of Spanish Town before taking on other small entrepreneural ventures.
2780	He stepped down from the chairmanship in April 2013 and handed it over to Hsieh Fu Hua, the former head of the Singapore Exchange.
2781	He stressed it was particularly important to be in God’s word during the Lenten season, which he referred to as a time of “spiritual combat.”
2782	He stressed the strength of the local real estate market and its ability to face any challenges, especially as it depends on real demand based on a growing population.
2783	He suggested that a private resident can directly see the services gained from a tax increase, but business owners don’t personally feel great benefits.
2784	He suggests the lessons are targeted toward the right group, because they will work directly with Afghans in one of the most dangerous sections of Kandahar.
2785	He talks to everyone.
2786	He tells the three that he was kicked out of a class because he didn’t have his uniform on.
2787	He then asks sarcastically “Hans, is this something you do full time?”
2788	He then took off on foot through the woods.
2789	He, therefore, directed the House to be suspended for thirty minutes to enable the mover of the motion to correct the procedural irregularities.
2790	He told Darry that they had just gotten a new 1952 Chevrolet police car and that his knees rubbed against the dash and made his knees uncomfortable.
2791	He told the girls on those trips, “Thou shall not whine; thou shall not snivel; just git her done.”
2792	He told The Times that he had advised Gordon Brown to complement his National Economic Council with a moral one, to “rediscover the things that make for a healthy society”.
2793	He took one step closer to me, and cleared his throat before continuing.
2794	He turns to my Georgian friend.
2795	He visited the Morgan when he was about 17 and says, "I was fascinated by the museum.
2796	He wanted to prove that he was telling the truth.
2797	He wants his music to reach the broadest audience, but it will happen his way.
2798	He wants to make sure his job is not outsourced "to a robot."
2799	He warned of the instability which Jonathan’s unbridled ambition might bring and asked him to reconsider his decision to contest in 2011.
2800	He was a 2008 graduate of New York University.
2801	He was actually a gentle old man given to colourful hyperbole but a generous neighbor (brought me beer almost every day while I was building our family home.
2802	He was a lifelong fancier who hatched, raised, and showed prize winning bantam chickens and was the Secretary of the Poultry Show at the Missouri State Fair for over twenty years.
2803	He was also Second Secretary to Rudy Insanally, Minister of Foreign Affairs in Guyana.
2804	He was a reluctant Head of State, became president for two terms and he wanted to do a third term because a cockroach licking palm oil would never lick enough.
2805	He was a retired self-employed cabinet maker and was a lifetime member of the Oddfellows.
2806	He was arrested and detained at Mzilikazi Police Station and is expected to appear in court on a charge of murder soon.
2807	He was arrested the day after publishing the poem.
2808	He was arrested yesterday (Monday) at 3:45 pm at Barangay San Juan, Libmanan, Camarines Sur.
2809	He was a Station Operator for Dominion Oil and Gas and member of the A.F.L.C.I.O. Union.
2810	He was a veteran of the U.S. Navy, U.S. Army Reserve and National Guard.
2811	He was awarded the Order of the Palmetto by Gov. David Beasley in recognition of his many years of service on the South Carolina Real Estate Commission and as its chairman from 1994 to 1997.
2812	He was a welder, fabricator, and owner of Taco Tico and La Sierra for 28 years.
2813	He was baptized and confirmed at Concordia Lutheran Church, Concord.
2814	He was booked at a nearby restaurant and did a residency.
2815	He was born in Roane County, the son of the late Clarence O. and Icie Sims Davis.
2816	He was born in Sydney after his father Jozsef emigrated from Hungary.
2817	He was born on May 15, 1937, in Fort Knox, Ky., son of the late Troy and Ava B. Hubbard Sandlin.
2818	He was born the son of Clarence and Lily Schultz James on Aug. 14, 1915 in Rochester.
2819	He was born to Brian and Kerry Blackburn on May 31, 1987 in Hereford, Texas.
2820	He was charged with aggravated battery for allegedly hitting a man with a baseball bat in January 2016.
2821	He was cited and the passenger drove from there.
2822	He was disqualified from driving for 2 ½ years.
2823	He was especially keen on the railroad, and he became a close associate of the Chattanooga attorney and legislator, James A. Whiteside, who vigorously promoted railroad connections for his hometown.
2824	He was eventually released four years later and is said to have gotten married too before joining the Lashkar module,' the report adds.
2825	He was happy with changes that have come into the hip life music scene.
2826	He was hired to protect, and the police arrested the guard.
2827	He was imprisoned in the Soviet Union for parasitism but so was Iosif Brodsky.
2828	He was installed as the fourth bishop of Phoenix on Dec. 20, 2003, and is the spiritual leader of the diocese’s Catholics.
2829	He was in with Brad Pitt and Harrison Ford and played one of the leads in Ballykissangel.
2830	He was jumping around and screaming.
2831	He was kept at 15 Awolowo Road Ikoyi office of the State Security Service (SSS) for about two weeks.
2832	He was Lafayette's first chair of the Mayor's Conference of Contra Costa County and was honored by the city as Citizen of the Year in 1976.
2833	He was left in the corridor, but he was a prisoner.
2834	He was lured out on the pretense of going to a party.
2835	He was made for me - was the Yang to my Yin - and in one fell swoop, he’d resolve all my sexual longings and my existential loneliness.
2836	He was on the staff when the team won Super Bowls for the 2007 and 2011 seasons — two of the seven Super Bowls in which Gettleman has been a part in his 30-year NFL career.
2837	He was preceded death by his parents; three brothers; and one sister.
2838	He was preceded in death by his parents and father in-law.
2839	He was preceded in death by his parents; brother, Johnny Stephens; sister, Peggy Stephens; and nephews, Robbie Stephens and Richard Stephens.
2840	He was preceded in death by his parents Lavon and Marlene Hill, Sr. and his sister Diana.
2841	He was preceded in death by: sister, Dexter Diane Weaver; mother, Juanita Barr Wright; father, Romulus Claiborne Wright.
2842	He was present at both Council meetings and Tuesday said he has spoken to police chiefs in the area as well as community residents who want to take advantage of such a business being located here.
2843	He was presented a plaque last week.
2844	He was replying to a written questioned asked by the YSRCP member Chevireddy Bhaskar Reddy and the supplementaries raised by the TDP MLA K.Appala Naidu on the manner in which construction of Indiramma houses were taken up in Chandragiri constituency.
2845	He was reunited with his family around noon on Monday.
2846	He was succeeded by J.C. Morris.
2847	He was testifying in the murder trial of Pieter Doorewaard, 26, and Philip Schutte, 34. The men are accused of murdering Matlhomola Mosweu of Scotland informal settlement in Coligny.
2848	He was variously under the tutelage of the late Chief Bola Ige, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, the late Abraham Adesanya, collaborating with them to enthrone democracy through the instrumentality of NADECO.
2849	He was victorious in the 400-meter dash, with his time of 51.3 seconds just ahead of the 51.7 posted by Fairmont’s Wyatt Quiring.
2850	He was widely believed to be grooming his son Gamal to succeed him but any such plan was overturned when disgust at poverty, corruption and the brutality of Egypt's security forces boiled over and millions took to the streets in January.
2851	He went to Mooya and Nkandela Primary Schools and thereafter proceeded to Kalomo Secondary where he completed grade 12. He went to the University of Zambia where he studied economics.
2852	'He will be missed.'
2853	He will be pursuing a degree in Physics and Engineering and has “become deeply ingrained with the school’s mission, to create home-grown leaders”.
2854	He will need to drive for another six hours or so to reach Jalalabad.
2855	He will play volleyball for Barton College in North Carolina while pursuing a degree in chemistry.
2856	He will take part in training sessions as well as an intrasquad and exhibition games.
2857	He witnessed the raising of the flag in Iwo Jima.
2858	He won the novice class in the Scottish finals Perth and went on to the British Finals l where he came second.
2859	Hezbollah maintains that the state neglects the suburbs and refuses to send security forces there to maintain order, while government officials claim Hezbollah refuses to let them enter.
2860	Hibbing’s pitcher also allowed only three hits, singles by Greg Helget, Snyder and Fisher.
2861	Hichilema appeared in court this afternoon for mention alongside Tayali Chilufya who is also charged for Libel.
2862	High ceilings, too, create opportunities for reverberation and echo, says Johnson.
2863	High debt levels… lack of savings… the inability to budget – these problems all have several causes, but one of them is almost certainly financial illiteracy.
2864	Highland’s Gigabit Challenge evolving into area’s first ‘hackathon’
2865	Highlight and promote your company with a special company profile section in Tech Pulse.
2866	Highlights of this God’s Gift event include vendors and booths, early bird registration for Friday and Saturday or Saturday only, lunch, opportunities for adoration and confession, and Mass with Bishop James Powers.
2867	Highville is still on probation, stemming from the alleged wrongdoings, such as embezzlement, by Pitter and his former wife, Nadine Pitter, and inappropriate decisions made by his board.
2868	Highway 56 remains closed while the Critical Highway Accident Response Team (CHART) investigates the crash.
2869	Hi, I am big fan of Marion County charter.
2870	Hillary Clinton releases video statement: 'Future is female'
2871	Hillman said that while the monument might one day be replaced, the work the Scouts did was appreciated because it spruced up the existing monument.
2872	Hindmarsh Shire Council Mayor, Cr Debra Nelson said, “this is a great opportunity for Anne and I am sure that her experience and local government knowledge will be a valuable asset to the Tatiara District Council.”
2873	Hinze was the third of four children born to Albert and Elizabeth (Fickenscher) Stevens on Dec. 19, 1924, on a family farm north of Gothenburg.
2874	Hippa Rights and the basic right to privacy.
2875	His 97 years on this earth were filled with the love of his family and the company of many good friends along the way.
2876	His answer on what has helped him make the jump this year?
2877	His appearance at McGill coincided with a developing scandal over the Service de police de la Ville de Montréal (SPVM), and its widely condemned surveillance of several Quebec journalists, most notably Patrick Lagacé, a writer for La Presse.
2878	His appreciation for the music is symbolic as well because hip-hop is the new sound of the contemporary revolution.
2879	His comments aired on Wednesday come a day after North Carolina approved a constitutional amendment effectively banning same-sex marriage or civil unions.
2880	His constant threats to bomb Iran on behalf of Israel concern these patriots.
2881	His counselor then found him a room in Livermore, but it required an $800 payment three days after he saw it.
2882	His dad trained quarter horses.
2883	His double against Fleetwood Town which inspired Leicester City into the fourth round of the FA Cup last Tuesday, the second of which came with a bit of VAR historic trivia was heartwarmingly one to kick on with.
2884	His dream is to create green residential community, which has been named “The Plastic Village”.
2885	His fate hangs in balance; however, People in Afghanistan have been calling for his execution.
2886	His father had advised him: “We are not to take land back from people – that’s their home now.
2887	His final two words of the conference were "let’s go".
2888	His Foundation has raised more than $10 million for charities and children in need since its inception in 2001.
2889	His grandson Duane Wetmore holds the distinction of being Hamden’s longest-serving active volunteer firefighter.
2890	His great academic and cultural activities and achievements played a fundamental role in the formation and building of new India and promotion of Indo-Islamic culture and civilization.
2891	His greatest wish is to see the prisoners he met while being detained, men like Mohamed Al-Tarhouni and Khaled Moussa who have been incarcerated for more than seven years, released.
2892	His house will be on the Bellport-Brookhaven Historical Society’s Bellport Lane House tour.
2893	His humor,” Goodwin said of what contributed to Wilker’s success.
2894	His “hurrying” cost him a lot more time than the waiting he might have experienced behind that car.
2895	His impressive efforts were overshadowed though by Lithuania’s Jonas Maciulis who netted 34 points to steer the much-fancied Lithuanians to a nerve-jangling triumph.
2896	His meteoric rise to stardom was about to take yet another leap.
2897	His mother is Lady Sarah Chatto, the Queen’s niece.
2898	His mother sought to keep going however she could.
2899	His name was Albertino Kinyera, but he was commonly known as Lucoc.
2900	His objective has always been to preserve and keep classical “old time” country music alive.
2901	His project was judged by experienced L.I.T (Limerick Institute of Technology) engineers who based their marks on both the accuracy of the projects and the originality of the design.
2902	His resignation automatically put the DUP leader Arlene Foster out of her job as First Minister because they hold a joint office.
2903	His second time around in Starkville he replaced Geoff Collins, who left MSU to take a similar post at Florida.
2904	"His secretary said the pope was very touched by this and has started to use this same terminology: 'the living saints of the 21st century.'
2905	“His speed was able to stop a lot of attacks from forming before they ever happened.
2906	“His staff is, like, abysmal.
2907	His standing as an Orthodox rabbi lent some weight to the effort, for the clergy were strongly opposed to the idea of desacralising their holy language.
2908	His statement was read by Mr Sayed-Khaiyum.
2909	His story inspired people, but it did not change who he was.
2910	His task was to access elementary school programs that were receiving funding from the U.S. government and also from UNICEF.
2911	His “Tax Tips For Freelance Writers” shows how to save truly big money on taxes – legally – and explains the steps you should take to reduce taxes for this year and even gain a head start for future years.
2912	His team name for the June 7 tournament was the Marksmen, the same as his old high school mascot.
2913	Historically, lieutenant governors have acted as compliant surrogates for the governor, championing the executive’s agenda, and focusing their energies on causes selected by the governor.
2914	Historically, there have been a series of spills, starting in 1975, at Elliott Lake and elsewhere.
2915	History is a truth that cannot be changed.
2916	History was made during the annual Iowa Park Chamber of Commerce awards banquet held Saturday at Camp Chaparral, when a father and daughter were both award recipients and the Citizen of the Year went to the youngest person ever.
2917	His total net worth stands at $72 billion.
2918	His vision, technique and experience remain unimpeachable.
2919	His wife of 30 years was unharmed.
2920	His wife turned around and looked at him and said the same thing that she had been sayin for the past thirty years.
2921	Hoffman said she still talks to Nenshi regularly and no decision will be made on whether to centralize Calgary's ambulance-dispatch service until she has enough information to ensure the right decision is made.
2922	Hold tight to all your special memories of your wife, mom, daughter, sister, gramma or friend!
2923	Holly Honeycutt 29, of Mitchell County, passed away April 6, 2018.
2924	Holmes Beach police officers canvassed the area and checked with Bradenton Beach Police Department and the trolley drivers on duty, trying to locate the suspect, to no avail.
2925	Home An air of crisis hung over the government.
2926	“Honestly, I would not expect the downsides to last very long,” Evers said.
2927	HONOLULU (KHON2) - Hurricanes, tsunamis, even a nuclear attack.
2928	HONOLULU (KHON2) - Strawberries are a happy fruit available all year long and a complement to any gourmet dish.
2929	Hoole came out in theaters on September 24.
2930	Hope for a free and fair 13th general election?
2931	Hope to hear more from you!
2932	HOPKINS, SC (WIS) - A desperate search is on for one Midlands woman who is frantically trying to make contact with loved ones in Puerto Rico.
2933	Hortex Foundation and Department of Upazila Agriculture Extension jointly launched the mango exporting works through Food and Agriculture Organization.
2934	Horwath feels the Wynne government is promising a dental plan when they don't really have one.
2935	Hospital spokeswoman Urszula Laszynska said one young girl was hospitalized in stable condition, while two other children were dismissed after being treated for bruises.
2936	Houchin has gained international success as a magician.
2937	Hours after his arrival, Kim met with Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, who live-streamed the meeting.
2938	House hunting in the 1960s brought me to Warrandyte; I fell in love with the river and the bush and have lived here ever since.
2939	Housing and public money are both increasingly scarce and vulnerable people competing for a share of an ever-diminishing pot, whether it’s people with disabilities, or individuals who are frail, elderly or single parents.
2940	How about summarizing the pros and cons of leasing new vehicles as opposed to making an outright purchase?
2941	How a breeding program has saved a species headed for extinction.
2942	How absurd it is to have buses idle in the Lincoln Tunnel waiting to come into the city.
2943	How are your greeting and goodbye rituals?
2944	How can we translate physical observations into concise and useful mathematical expressions?
2945	How could they accuse me of doing so?
2946	How could this happen without some factual context, Magistrate John Neill wanted to know.
2947	How dare u say what she wears is queational.
2948	How did you get in the house?
2949	How did you secure that job for him.
2950	"How does an individual control a crowd of 120 if you are not vertically gifted and taller than everybody?"
2951	How does one gain permission for such things?
2952	How does the IHACCC help allay the fears and humiliation that often come when these individuals ask you for help?
2953	How do I know that this was the sisters' entrance?
2954	How do we get this addressed in the building codes?
2955	How do you know that “most Americans” are very happy with what President Trump is doing”?
2956	However, a couple days after the tele-town hall conference, this newspaper received several letters from individuals in the Second Congressional District who were left unsatisfied by the telephone call for a number of reasons.
2957	However, all indications suggest that Saeed’s activities will continue under a new name.
2958	However, an upper disturbance will keep a bit of everything in the forecast through the May long weekend.
2959	However, as it stands, even with these new tools, farmers in the community of Cornillon still find it hard to eke out subsistence because of other, chronic problems plaguing the area.
2960	However as of late New Arabs became synopsis with Arab Neoliberals and we are seriously considering name change to avoid such an association.
2961	However, at times, it would take hours of research to find the relevant details, hence making the process tedious.
2962	However, broadband video in the context of streaming Internet video has come to mean video files that have bitrates high enough to require broadband Internet access in order to view them.
2963	However, cafés and other ‘pay and play’ leisure facilities are typically already present in Poole’s principal parks and form an important component of their recreational role,” she said.
2964	However, everything changed this year with measures soaring through both chambers of the Legislature.
2965	However, experts in North Asian and nonproliferation issues, some with decades of experience dealing with North Korea, say there are some key elements that will almost certainly be part of any deal.
2966	However, for those of you reading this after Christmas, I’m probably sitting at home playing with all my new toys.
2967	However, given the high education throughput, Vavuniya will be ideal for setting up BPO ventures.
2968	However, he added that the impact of previous policy changes, such as additional stamp duty on second homeschanges to tax deductibility of landlord expenses and lending criteria, had dampened demand from buy-to-let investors over the year.
2969	However he admitted the news hasn’t been well-received by all members of the group, some who have been a part of it prior to the slogan even being introduced.
2970	However, he said as an essential member of National Security, more needs to be done.
2971	However, he thinks an investigation would expose all black deals to get power and party under Sasikala’s control.
2972	However, if the only experience you have is keeping watch on the elderly, sorry!
2973	However, if these problems cannot be addressed through private competition and basic values of customer service, we will attempt to rectify them legislatively and through more stringent regulatory oversight.
2974	However, if you still end up getting a cavity, you will want to find out all about your options for dental fillings.
2975	However, information to Amandala suggests that both men were the latest casualties of a feud that began some time ago between the Bloods of the Peace in the Village (PIV) gang and the Backa Lands Crips (BLC).
2976	However, in the case of the video store – no consultation occurred.
2977	However, in the piece he also said, "The fact that the United States is not party to the ICC already should speak volumes regarding the nation's lack of oversight."
2978	However, it also opened the door to widespread graft and further squeezed the food supply.
2979	However, it recognised learners were making better progress in English than they do in mathematics.
2980	However, looking like an action figure, it’s difficult to hold it against him.
2981	However, momentum shifted towards Old Dominion beginning on the ensuing kickoff, when Zach Pascal returned the kick to the ODU 31 and drew a facemask penalty from EMU to gain an extra 15 yards.
2982	However, nobody - least of all self-assigned experts assuming the role of prophets - have discovered any sure-fire way of countering our predicaments.
2983	However, perhaps accidentally, the Legislature adopted a different rule in Oregon.
2984	However, pre-trial investigations have, according to Enqvist, already begun for the most obvious scams.
2985	However, regardless of how much reducing, reusing and recycling we do, there are certain things that have to be bought.
2986	However senior minister of Figtree’s NewDay Church Brett Gottle said the talented member of his congregation has it in the bag.
2987	However, sources suggest that KCM has distributed only four percent of its net profit to shareholders in form of dividends for the financial year 2007.”
2988	However, that is then and this is now.
2989	However, the cost will be ongoing each year, so some council members supported raising taxes now to take care of the funding long term.
2990	However, the description of Buddhism in the text is by and large very accurate and comprehensive.
2991	However, the firm still proceeded with its project and finished it late last year.
2992	However, their explanation should be given a tolerant ear.
2993	However, the Japanese and Indian efforts to improve relations with Beijing work to China’s advantage.
2994	However, the Rebels responded quickly when their duo of Alexis Bortles and Arianne Hartono, who are ranked No. 11 in the country, defeated Andie Daniell and Luca Fabian 6-3.
2995	However, there has been a turnaround in the past two years, and the Chief Minister has been exuding confidence in taking on the BJP.
2996	However, the story did not end there as Bell, Brown and Kirk were all deemed to have jumped the start thereby demoting Bell to third place with Byers being promoted to the position of race winner!
2997	However, they are often judged because of one thing.
2998	However, they can also promote visceral neurogenic dysfunctions, mid which compromised micturition, com- promised defecation, and disturbances when engaging in coitus are the most plain prob- lems.
2999	However, this is also about early pre-election power play.
3000	However, this is not Mr. Peet’s first rodeo.
3001	"However, we ask for a great deal of paperwork and proof to substantiate claims that meet our official guidelines.
3002	“How far you go today?” she asked.
3003	How is it for you guys when you are on tour?
3004	How is this association planning to manage the labour market?
3005	‘How It Was With Dooms’ is also a true children’s book telling of orphaned cub Duma in Kenya, and there are at least two movies loosely based on this book.
3006	How long did you think it would be before I said, “we dodged a bullet?”
3007	How long do we ostracize the abusers?
3008	How many Eid holidays for private sector next month?
3009	How many transformations does he really have left before he dies for good?
3010	How messed up is that?
3011	How much it would weaken and how far to the west it would go were variables.
3012	How often was follow-up care needed?
3013	How says despite the geographic distance and language barrier, the deal with Yahoo Japan came together smoothly.
3014	"How's this for amazing?
3015	How’s this for coffee drinking?
3016	How the ban hit close to home: In the early, confusing hours of its enforcement over the weekend, we saw stories like this one from cleveland.
3017	How to be the hit of the party!
3018	How was he going to get rid of them?
3019	How was the problem solved?
3020	How we appear in our communities – at work, at home, and elsewhere – has the power to educate, inform or deepen every conversation we participate in.
3021	How will the two aircraft carriers change the PLA Navy in the future?
3022	How would you describe your own artwork, in your own words?
3023	HTC coined the term “ultrapixel” to draw attention to the fact that it had bigger megapixels than some competing camera phones, so even with a 4-megapixel camera it could potentially get better results than an 8-megapixel camera with smaller pixels.
3024	Hudson’s On First, for instance, said they were hiring, looking for both front of house and back of house positions.
3025	Hulk shot to fame when he starred opposite Sylvester Stallone in Rocky III in 1983.
3026	Hull's most talented young footballers wanted for new CBBC showKnow anyone who's got what it takes?
3027	Huma Tariq completed M.Phil. in Peace and Conflict Studies from National Defence University Islamabad, Pakistan.
3028	Hummel, an Allegany singer, songwriter and ordained music minister, has been bringing her country, bluegrass and gospel music to tri-state residents for many years.
3029	Hundreds of thousands of women are affected by sexual violence during conflict, and many more are at risk.
3030	Hung Phuoc Nguyen, 44, admitted to the crime and has been charged with theft.
3031	Hurricane Irma is an extremely dangerous and life-threatening Category 5 storm and the state is aggressively preparing to ensure families are safe as we prepare for a possible landfall.
3032	Hurtt assists with ISCPA events on campus and recruits fellow students to ISCPA, which offers a free student membership and guidance to help students understand career options and opportunities within the CPA profession.
3033	Hutchins added “I am excited to be working with Todd again for the coming season.
3034	"I actually didn't even remember him saying that," Roderick, to whom the comment was directed, said on MSNBC's "Live with Thomas Roberts" on Friday.
3035	I added you in my response below because what you are saying here fits with the larger message that I am trying to convey.
3036	"I admire the skills that he plays with but I like who he is too.
3037	I agree that restoring this somewhat unique property back to a theatre or concert hall venue would be a wonderful asset to the community.
3038	I agree with Rick that Mr. Harper is no time-waster and I believe that the House of Commons apology on residential schools was a powerful moment in his tenure.
3039	I agree with you respect is on both ways, but did you need to go on the easy attack?
3040	I already have been.”
3041	I also agree that pretty much all schools can really do is create opportunity for kids.
3042	I also attended different Japanese festivals and ceremonies like the tea ceremony, flower festival, pottery making, and others.
3043	I also do not have any other source of income; the cart is my only source of income,” Hassan Abdullah, a cart owner who sells scraps and used items in Kobry el-Qoba, in eastern Cairo, told Al-Monitor.
3044	I also try to be good about picking up the pecans from the trees around us.
3045	I also want a high heel shoe phone holder and one more thing a new book to take to school.
3046	“I also want to thank the Oswego County Industrial Development Agency for its support as they transfer this property to the health system.”
3047	“I always prefer to try to work things out with the pastor,” said the bishop, adding that he had never removed a pastor, although he did not rule out the possibility.
3048	I am afraid our government has decided to go on holiday because they have worked hard the last how many days?
3049	I am back in Oslo after living and working here for a month last summer.
3050	I am being seen as a bankable actor.
3051	I am convinced that our students are receiving the best athletic education from the best coaches in the country.”
3052	I am describing trade with our neighboring countries and the developed world not the photo-opt trade conferences that produces just handshakes, but trade that establish the movement of goods and services which economically benefits participating nations.
3053	"I am diligently and passionately committed to see that Claymont succeeds in bringing about a revitalization," Weiner said.
3054	"I am excited for the opportunity to help elevate JCPS toward becoming the premier district in Missouri once again," Earleywine said.
3055	I am fairly familiar now with the workings of ‘judicial secrecy’ but even if we could have a little bit of information in the broadest of terms it would help.
3056	I am, filled with grief, to write this memoriam about the person, who I held so close to my heart.
3057	I am glad to see some of them now located in Los Altos!
3058	I am hoping that, no matter what my situation is, I will be able to present a screening possibly in the late summer or fall.”
3059	I am loving watching LA grow into the preeminent 21st Century City.
3060	I am most disgusted with your continued belittling of Indigenous People and their interests, to make fun of our Chiefs, our institutions and practices - that is racism, and that, has no place in Fiji.
3061	I am not a big fan of bacon but I would be willing to give it a try for this.
3062	"I am not a lawyer and I don't know how the matter came to a point where it came.
3063	I am not Dominican- American even though i have citizenship.
3064	I am not native Lvivite and grew up in Dnipropetrovsk, but I moved to Lviv almost two years ago because the city and its sports organisations offered me a better chance to pursue my education and my professional fight career.
3065	I am outraged that the ratbaggery is outraged.
3066	"I am overwhelmed," she said of the reaction to his baptism.
3067	“I am personally saddened by some Borno oppositions/ politicians, who have relocated to Abuja, Lagos and other places during the peak of the insurgency and have been making unnecessary noise regarding the calamities that befell us.
3068	I am pouring boiling water into the jars.
3069	I am proud to be the bearer of such an important distinction, granted by the Council of State of the Republic of Cuba to ICAP proposals, Gonzalez said.
3070	I am ready on day one, answer the phone at 3am, take on sniper fire.
3071	I am really grateful to Colleen Sheehy and the staff at the Plains for making this happen.”
3072	I am responding to the retired Marine's letter in the June 22 DCI.
3073	I am retired and my taxes went up last year by $150.
3074	I am running to support our student-run union and advocate for student rights across campus—my full platform can be found at StefForGM.
3075	I am serving my own adaptation of this dish at Yagiz and people are surprised to find they really enjoy eating liver, which is not that common in Australia.
3076	‘I am settling in and need to work out how to deal with a linked charge because there is an awful lot of water between the two parishes.
3077	I am sick and tired of listening to empty speeches.
3078	"I am so grateful for all those souls who made this day for Mary so beautiful."
3079	I am so proud to be joined this evening by so many people who have worked tirelessly to help this administration and this Commonwealth succeed.
3080	I am sure, in real life too, a whole class of people bridged the seemingly deep class divides through education or entrepreneurship.
3081	I am sure it will not work out.
3082	I am sure they are back in school and life continues-even if their father is in detention and waiting for trial and possible imprisonment at best or death by hanging-if murder is proven.
3083	"I am the part you won't recognize.
3084	"I am thrilled," she said.
3085	“I am willing to give and take advice from the media as and when necessary,” she said.
3086	I answered that we can’t and don’t want to do that.
3087	“I applaud Doug for in fact saying he will in fact endorse widening Highway 3, but I honestly have grave concerns whether this is something he will actually do," says Festeryga.
3088	I appreciate everyone that has offered suggestions and everyone that has offered compliments.
3089	I appreciate that he stood by his principles,” he said.
3090	“I asked for a meeting with him (Mnangagwa) but he refused and I warned him that I was going to bring the people (out into the streets).
3091	I asked Raj’s mom if she’s taken steps to stop further pregnancies.
3092	I asked the question that most ask: If there is a God, then why do bad things happen to good people?
3093	I assume total responsibility for success or defeat.
3094	“I basically said, number one is salmon enhancement,” he said.
3095	I believe ignorance sums it up much better!
3096	I believe in the power of ideas and the power of books, because politicians very often just follow what they feel is the dominant public opinion at the time.
3097	‘I believe states continue to have flexibility in putting together programs.’
3098	I believe that limited government, as opposed to the "nanny-state," is the best way forward.
3099	“I believe that the choice of Sherif as speaker of the Shura Council will bear positively on the march for democracy in Egypt under the leadership of President Mubarak,” the editor of the state’s daily wrote in his 26 June publication.
3100	I believe the area around Tipton is still operating a famous speed trap!
3101	I believe the issue of corruption is complex and requires a thoughtful approach.
3102	IBK has therefore been unable to unleash his own army in northern Mali, as he would have liked.
3103	Ibrahim Babangida, the military ruler who conducted the election at the time, abruptly annulled it, eliciting public outrage.
3104	Ibrahim says all his bad dreams about his life with Boko Haram have stopped and he’s looking forward to the future with the hope of furthering his education and one day joining the Nigerian Army.
3105	“I came down after work and I was standing here for quite a while.
3106	“I came here a lot of years ago to teach and it has been very good to me.
3107	"I came to hear him because personally I feel lost myself," Lopez told the Chicago Catholic, the archdiocesan newspaper.
3108	I came to the conclusion that what the victims really wanted was for us to speak to these guys and put a stop to this war.
3109	"I can continue my season, develop my play and obviously play against some of the best players in the world."
3110	“I cannot think of a more potent recruitment tool for ISIL than some of the rhetoric coming out of here in the course of this debate.
3111	I cannot wait to meet the players and get started.”
3112	“I can tell you that if a nurse practitioner did that, I would like to know who it was because that person would have been fired immediately.
3113	'I can't explain how I am feeling that I got this opportunity to sing a song in a film.
3114	“I can’t offer anything with regard to that,” Jensen responded.
3115	I can’t tell you the number of times I bothered them.
3116	“I can’t wait to see what the future holds for me in Mobile, Ala.,” Dailey said.
3117	IceCube is comprised of 5,160 digital optical modules suspended along 86 strings embedded in a cubic kilometer of ice beneath the South Pole.
3118	Iceland and the Faroe Islands face their "last chance" to end a mackerel quota war in negotiations next month, EU fisheries ministers said, otherwise the EU could impose sanctions.
3119	Iceland has suffered a fall in profits as the value-end supermarket invested in making price cuts to keep pace in the ongoing grocery price war.
3120	Icelandic students laying a wreath at the grave of Jón Siguðsson, the father of the Icelandic independence movement, on 1 December last year.
3121	I chose Valletta for a venue because I believe that our capital city – so far the only one in the world which dies at night, has great potential.
3122	I consider good lecturing to be the likes of the theatre; so, I if can pull that good stuff out, that’s good fun.”
3123	I could be away kind of from what I've been used to for a very long time.
3124	I could care less if he was attracted to Beau Braveheart (or whomever).
3125	I could go on with examples.
3126	I created a data interactive for the that showed how much East Baton Rouge Parish spends on insurance payouts for car accidents.
3127	“I cry a lot and go on rants.”
3128	Idaho shot 64.3 percent in the quarter (9-14) and did not relinquish the lead.
3129	Ida tacked on an offensive score on a pass with 10:04 left to play.
3130	I'd be interested in your take on this topic.
3131	Ideally, an inflation-adjusted monthly income stream, such as social security, pensions, and rental income, should include your fixed costs.
3132	"I dedicated myself daily.
3133	“I determined that it is in the public interest for me to exercise my authority and appoint a special counsel to assume responsibility for this matter,” the statement said.
3134	I developed affordable housing for ten years before joining Multnomah County as the Director of the Local Public Safety Coordinating Council in 2003.
3135	IDF artillery also hit targets in Gaza.
3136	I’d feared cancer my whole life.
3137	I did eventually learn how to swing the bat, but I never quite got over my fear of getting a ball in the face.
3138	I didn’t disown him.
3139	I didn’t even tell the dean what was going on, but she still knew, and chose to do nothing.
3140	I didn't expect this, because I'd been making the unconscious assumption that people at the had a higher level of education than in the fields.
3141	“I didn’t know any instruments and I like to sing so I was like, ‘Well, I’d probably like to learn to play and sing at the same time,” she said.
3142	I didn't know Drew but from every one that I talked to, his sources everyone liked him too so nothing about altercations at that I'm aware of."
3143	“I didn’t know her name was Veda until I got up to the school," laughed Veda's brother Jack Barnes.
3144	I didn’t make a single Spanish friend.”
3145	I didn’t realize how football was so much a part of my life until the game was over.
3146	I didn’t take my eyes off them and then all of a sudden four of them approached us and in broken English asked us where we were from.
3147	I did warn you that you will be walking alone in this crusade.
3148	I disagreed with him then and I still think that he is being overly cautious on the issue.
3149	I’d like to express my sympathies to his family, his friends and the community at large.
3150	I'd like to think I get it 90 per cent right."
3151	IDMC, aware that the figures for Kyproulla make no sense, states below the graph showing our inexplicably rapid refugee growth that “estimate is based on data from the Government of Cyprus.
3152	"I do get emotional because these are kids and they're already stigmatized by being in foster care," Hrabovsky says.
3153	"I do not know of any country that would be willing to do what Djibouti did for us.
3154	I do not know of anyone who would not accept free insurance while visiting a foreign country, but he turned it down.
3155	I do not see all the movies nominated for Best Picture at the Oscars, but I do still find a way to be angry about whichever movie wins (at least most of the time).
3156	I don't actually have any literary feuds.
3157	I don’t care about what the reply is.
3158	I don’t condone any of my behavior.
3159	I don’t even know what it is I’m looking for.
3160	I don’t have a conscience to charge $20 for a $10 plate of barbecue.”
3161	“I don’t have the sensation we were as far away from them as the scoreline suggests,” he said.
3162	I don’t know anyone industry who plans on selling their marijuana at rock bottom prices.”
3163	“I don’t know how the bar staff keeps up with it but they do an impressive job.
3164	“I don’t know how they do it, but they do,” the pope told thousands of people gathered Aug. 26 for his weekly general audience.
3165	I don't know how they got around the regulations regarding restricted opening hours, but they did.
3166	“I don’t know if I should congratulate you or apologize to you,” west county Supervisor Hopkins told Morrison.
3167	I don’t know what more he was looking for.”
3168	“I don’t know what they’re thinking,” he said.
3169	“I don’t know why the Serbs don’t get the message.
3170	“I don’t think that this is a bad project for the Vincentian people or the country.
3171	I don’t want my life to be attached to doctor appointments when I grow old.”
3172	I doubt Genting is buying to build its luxurious (only 60 passengers) 787 but don’t be surprised if the company buys a boutique, luxury-hotel chain.
3173	I doubt you will find any development of this kind.
3174	I’d rate her the most likely winner, but at three times the price it could be worth chancing Roger Varian’s (16/1 General) to reverse the trial form over this extra furlong.
3175	I encounter businesses of all stripes and colors, whose goals are sometimes motivated by honesty and integrity and others by greed.
3176	" I enjoy reading exciting novels, surfing the net, going out with my friends and most of all spending time with my son."
3177	If a country goes off-track, this clearly demonstrates their inability to manage their budget and economy properly, and thus implies that they do not 'deserve' relief.
3178	If Allegiance’s planned ramp-up takes place, this would multiply the number of trucks by more than six times, or more than 12 trucks per hour.
3179	If all goes as planned the Juniper Ridge groundbreaking could happen as early as spring of 2008.
3180	If any African Americans, Hispanic Americans, Asian Americans or White Americans are offended by the 2 scenarios I presented, you should know how most Native Americans every Sunday during the NFL season.
3181	If any one will challenge the integrity of Pakistan should dealt with iron handed so that other can take example from it.
3182	If approved, would allow sectors of the tourism industry to levy a fee upon themselves.
3183	If a seller advertises a product at a certain price but sells out of that product by the time you respond to the ad, you may have the right to a rain check.
3184	If Bridi da Costa's infection had been diagnosed earlier, it might have made a difference.
3185	If certain buzzwords and platitudes are uttered, I just automatically mark 'em off on the ballot.
3186	IFCI revised its benchmark rate to 10.4 percent from 10.2 percent.
3187	If confirmed, this will be the first time that Turkey's Jewish community will take part in the body, in which Greeks and Armenians have represented minorities in the past.
3188	“If Corker throws his ‘Never Trump’ hat into the ring, the Committee will spend $1 million in the primary to expose his betrayal of conservative values.
3189	If Duncan Taylor and Helen Kilpatrick wanted defence, they should have had to seek HMG funds.
3190	I feel a lot better about the systems now.
3191	“I feel he’s best suited up front.
3192	I feel like with certain wrestlers, I can give a lot of them advice and tell them things that can help them."
3193	If elected, Polner promises to make residents feel safe in their homes, make sure parks and roads are properly maintained and waste is properly handled, the environment is protected and both property and business owners abide by local laws and codes.
3194	I felt I needed to share that with all these people who might not know how daring and significant it was that this pope had adopted this very name," Wenders said.
3195	“I felt our girls did a good job of battling a quality team and finding a way to pull away in the end to get the win,” said Ely Head Coach Darren Visser.
3196	If growing post-materialist attitudes are behind these developments, a lot of economic bets will be off.
3197	If he doesn’t feel the same way then you have nothing to lose.
3198	If he has nothing new to contribute to the conversation but unquestioning support for Israeli actions, he might as well just stay quiet.
3199	If he is challenged by another male, the two may, note Brown, Hagelin, Taylor and Galloway, "fly at each other and roll on the ground in an attempt to peck at each other's skulls."
3200	If he was at some other place, he can prove.
3201	If he wins big in September and November – both personally and for his fellow Democrats – he’ll be emboldened as he eyes a bid to take down Trump in 2020.
3202	If his FCC moves forward with the rule change, the president risks alienating voters from rural areas who overwhelmingly voted for him in 2016 and who are expecting him to deliver broadband infrastructure improvements.
3203	If I am unlucky, and it is windy and the bag pops upwards, I find myself in a rising cloud of white tissues and napkins and paper towels, and I have to chase them down.
3204	If I happen to be killed, then I will go.
3205	I FIND Jeffrey Donaldson’s support for a Conflict Resolution Centre as an addendum to complement the retained H block shrine at the Maze somewhat incredible.
3206	If I remember right Mayers was licensed to handle 28 critical patients.
3207	“I first tried the fennel, and that just wasn’t for me,” she said with a laugh.
3208	"If I talk about myself, I shall talk of lot of positives.
3209	If it is not the politicians, or the corrupt police, now the Judges are letting crimminals off.
3210	If it is to be, it is up to us to make it so.
3211	If it’s time to see a dentist to perk up your pearly whites, look no further than these 103 professionals in 417-land who were voted as the top of their trade.
3212	If I was a teacher, I would want to have access to a loaded gun.
3213	If last summer’s multiplex offerings taught us anything, it’s that getting excited about sequels, remakes, and other tentpole fare invites disappointment.
3214	If New Deli is serious to have dialogue then Prime Minister Narendra Modi should also come forward to support the statement of Union Home Minister, Rajnath Singh,” he said.
3215	“If no one helps us, we have to stay where we are,” Ms. Corado says, adding that she feels she has no other choice but to return to the village.
3216	"If North Korea succeeds in launching a satellite, North Korea propaganda may spin this by saying the country has become a prosperous and strong nation.
3217	“If not for SSS,” he adds, “I wouldn’t be at UConn, I wouldn’t have become a peer advisor, and I wouldn’t have found my career path.”
3218	I, for one, am happy to lend them my assistance.
3219	I, for one, believe that our High Court judges deserve a little more respect from the Victorian State Government.
3220	"I found where I belong and I found my ‘forever friends’ when I joined rugby," Britney Hobbs says.
3221	If qualified, a "Yes" vote upholds the commission's work.
3222	If resident, the gain is added to other sources of income and final tax calculated at marginal rates (14.5% - 48%).
3223	If she wanted to leave for legitimate reasons, why not leave now? why wait till you run up his debt, take his child and desert him?
3224	“If someone had told me it was that bad, I wouldn’t have gone, I would’ve stayed in Melbourne and had dinner.”
3225	“If someone was reported lost, and someone was worried about their well-being, and signed up with the program, we can use the product to try to track where they are,” Pawlina says.
3226	If Southern California is "Tailback U," and Penn State is "Linebacker U," then what would you call Hofstra University?
3227	If space is tight I forgo the table and use a small bench, you can add a pillow or two for a pop of color.
3228	If surface parking lots had a capitol in Memphis, it would probably be the Pinch.
3229	If the apostles and first disciples of Jesus had been content to stay put, the church might not have ever grown past Jerusalem.
3230	If the Delay Start button is pressed after the nine-hour mark the delay start feature will be cancelled and must be re-selected.”
3231	If the extension is allowed, up to $195 million of that fund would go to a recidivism reduction program, according to figures in a budget summary by Brown’s office.
3232	If the issue is about the boundary - it's also in M to define where M's provisions apply.
3233	“If the lady from Solutions Barbados has your interest at heart, then she can step forward when I become the next MP.
3234	If the police have more frequent road blocks and searches along with immigration a lot of these imported weapons and criminals will have more respect for the law in this country.
3235	If the project gets regional approval, construction could begin as early as 2011.
3236	If there is no food runner then all the servers have to work together to run each others food.
3237	If there is no guarantee, why risk taking us there?
3238	If there's going to be an exam.
3239	If there was any existential problem that our banks may have faced since national independence, it was overpopulation —
3240	If the scheme gets the go ahead, work is expected to begin in late 2001 and be completed in 2005.
3241	If these comparisons hold true, they signal a whole new, jam-heavy sound for Mosco and a strict departure from previous acoustic performances.
3242	If these entertainingly strange videos pique your curiosity, you can stream the album at NPR.
3243	If the wildlife officer affirms or states that he is uncertain about the determination of the dog warden, the wildlife officer must notify the ODA, in writing, of the determination.
3244	If the wind blows, it goes up.
3245	If the worst-case scenario isn't so bad, then it gives you comfort to go ahead.
3246	“If they cannot provide a warm meal and safe bed to a 5-year-old child, no one believes they will be able to make housing affordable or address opiate addiction,” he told The Associated Press.
3247	“If they do not, then the staff will help students become more efficient library users.”
3248	If they don’t shine, neither will Mayo.
3249	If they feel that, they’ll be afraid to attack."
3250	“If they want to attend, often they have to take off work and find childcare and go to great lengths,” added Goldstein, who testified at the Feb. 22 hearing held by the Committee on Housing and Buildings.
3251	“If they will not show up, we will know where they stand.”
3252	If this was an intra-party election, George would have played a good hand in the political poker.
3253	I fully agree that they are different questions, but TBS.
3254	"I fundamentally feel that if there is a need to do something that you feel convicted in your heart to travel and better this community, I would be supportive of any commissioner going ahead and do it," Cawthorne said.
3255	If we acidify our oceans, we have not destroyed an environment, we have poisoned our own selves.
3256	If we block it completely then all cells will die, but if we can block it partially we can see if we can stop cancers.
3257	“If we can collectively agree on something, we zhave the power to determine our own outcome,” said Hardee to the board.
3258	“If we can’t find a police chief we have to have somebody here managing the campus,” said Pensa.
3259	If we could just find a remedy for what it is that causes human's to dilute and alter their brain functions, than get behind the steering wheel of a motor vehicle hell bent to kill someone.
3260	If we do not have signs, notices and menus in Mandarin and people at reception who speak Mandarin, visitors will feel insecure.
3261	If we go with "Moron Not"'s idea to use CalTrain, then we're talking about an hour long bus ride and then THREE transfers to train-->bus-->bus to get a theoretical 79 minute transit time.
3262	“If we have money, we will definitely hire a coder,” says Wendy.
3263	"If we hold Arizona and Nevada and pick up some of these others we'll have a majority for two more years," he added.
3264	If we're in a world where foreign governments think more carefully about holding U.S. assets, then we're in a very different world."
3265	If what I consider to be atrocious music had been chosen by the person I am trying to communicate with, my opinion of that person would have been adversely affected by his or her “taste” in music!
3266	If you act as if what you do makes a difference, then it will.
3267	If you are a nurse willing to volunteer, please call 904-548-0940.
3268	If you are looking for information on a new camera, diabetes testing equipment or a new car this site has information that can help.
3269	“If you asked a parent: ‘Would you rather have this empty building around the corner that’s going to attract vandals, or a quality education option that you may or may not use?’
3270	If you ask Topham, he’ll tell you the exact same thing.
3271	If you call a black man "boy", you are a racist.
3272	“If you cannot cooperate with the measures that we are installing to keep the city and its environs safe, then you take your business somewhere else,” he added.
3273	If you consider yourself lonely and/or social isolated, particularly if it’s a long-term state, talk to your doctor about what you can do about it.
3274	If you'd like to see some of Darlene’s back stories or her video from YouTube I have them up on my web site: then look for compassionate drug usage on the menu.
3275	If you do have a greenhouse, now is a great time to make sure it’s all clean - hot, soapy water should ensure that the glass is free of bacteria and any bugs which might damage your new seedlings in the spring.
3276	If you do not agree to these terms and conditions please do not access or use the website or register to use any of the services available through the website.
3277	If you don’t attack, I will come for you and if you choose to stay back, I will still come for you.”
3278	If you don’t have room, make room.
3279	If you don't have the means to move to a bigger property then we have a solution for you.
3280	If you don't like the proposal, tell us your suggestion for an alternate plan, tell us your ideas for amenities contributions, tell us about your "visions" for the property, tell us about the "asperations" you aspire to for the site.
3281	If you don’t, nobody knows who you are.”
3282	If you don't plan on something like Groupon, then yes, you can get hurt.
3283	If you don’t show up, you pay a penalty.
3284	If you do, you may never read it.
3285	If you ever feel like you’re in a situation where an early exit on life looks appealing, please head to the LHSC crisis center.
3286	If you happen to know the answer, and even if you don't, I hope you stop by soon.
3287	If you have ever wondered about such things, then you will love the way that the author deals with these issues.
3288	If you haven’t heard of Catherine Bohart, she describes herself as the “bisexual, OCD daughter of a Catholic deacon” and says she’s got “a hell of a lot to say about it”.
3289	If you haven’t road biked in a while, you can get back into it by joining a local organization or even taking classes, like with the Bike-Walk Alliance, which hosts a course on traffic safety.
3290	If you have steamer baskets, you can put water in the bottom and steam fish and vegetables.
3291	If you have true faith in the Lord you can.
3292	If you like to crunch the numbers, it’s worth remembering… for every minute that you are angry, you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
3293	"If you mentally shut down, your body will do the same."
3294	If you missed it because you thought it would be rained out, you missed a great time.
3295	If you must do work at home, may as well do it behind these sleek and stylish desks.
3296	If you're an angler, be sure to test the waters.
3297	If you’re listening to a podcast during your commute, you can simply ask your to resume where you left off once you get home.
3298	If you’re looking for something a little healthier, choose grilled fish instead of battered.
3299	If you're of THAT generation --or if you just like old movies -- you'll remember those films.
3300	“If your health insurance offers a nurse line, that is also a good resource to get your questions answered regarding the flu,” Griffitts adds.
3301	If your salary is a sufficiently large multiple of interest payable each month, the chances are you will get the loan.
3302	If you take out insurance after three months, coverage will start from the date of your policy, which can mean fees relating to the birth aren't covered.
3303	"If you think about it, it's a small sliver, a fraction of what we're seeing in the adult community."
3304	If you think that your author name and the book title is enough to get your book to the bestselling status, you are one hundred percent wrong.
3305	If you thought 6 were noisy or unsafe.
3306	If you’ve already got a keeper this season, let her go.
3307	If you've been driving around, you've probably noticed the prices at the pump are starting to go up.
3308	If you’ve never wandered through Bellingham’s Alley District, “Art on Tap: End of an Era” will be your chance to get in on the associated action on “Block 52” one last time.
3309	If you would like to donate an item to be auctioned, contact any of the festival committee members listed below.
3310	If you, your family or your co-workers aren’t trained in CCR, contact your local fire district or department or ambulance service to find out about training opportunities so you are prepared.
3311	"I gave my soul to this company.
3312	“I get this tagline, ‘banker banned for life,’” he said.
3313	I go back and forth on that."
3314	“I got up and went to the Police Station but they didn’t have him either.
3315	I greet you all with affection, dear faithful from different parishes in Italy and from other countries, as well as the associations and various groups, especially the students of the Meléndez Valdés de Villafranca de los Barros Institute in Spain”.
3316	I grew up in that vicinity, and back then we certainly did not see any fancy rides submerged near Memorial Park or the old Belize City Hospital.
3317	I grew up in the '80's, and the older I get, the more cynical I become, and the more I realize government (more often than not) just FUBAR's the whole thing.
3318	I guess some of those syllables were southern slurred by the chuck.
3319	I had a hernia operation in the early summer of 2006, and had nothing to do all day but hobble around with cool cane a borrowed from Grandpa Hlavaty and play on the Internets for two months or so.
3320	“I had a really bad year last year but I underwent new treatment and that has changed everything.
3321	I had been reading the newspapers in several communities in the years before we moved.
3322	“I had my plan post-college, and, after I graduated, that plan pretty much fell apart,” said Father Boland, who got his bachelor’s degree in athletic training/sports medicine from Springfield College.
3323	I had never thought about working for The Chimes, but one of my professors told me about the video producer position and I thought it sounded like a great fit.
3324	I hadn't figured out the sort of foundational secret of acting, which is - I think Ringo sings just act naturally.
3325	I had the incredible joy this summer to visit and drink in the spacious skies, amazing mountains and colorful vistas.
3326	I had to do it as a Recreation Commissioner and we have to do it as Councilmembers.
3327	“I had to play a lot of cover gigs when I got back to town.
3328	I happened across this treasure while traveling to Dodge City, KS from Williston, ND.
3329	I hardly think he could do much better!
3330	“I have a great deal of admiration for Robert.
3331	I have a multitude of objections to the opinions expressed, but let’s focus on “Immigration policy should prioritize those who have the most to contribute to our society.”
3332	I have been perfecting my own cioppino recipe for many years and this one comes close.
3333	I have covered dozens of protests, large and small, in cities all across this country before and after the invasion of Iraq.
3334	“I have had awesome groups of parents, families.
3335	I have lost all respect that I had for you.
3336	I have my head up my ass and have lost my password, what should I do?
3337	I have never seen a government as useless, disjointed and incompetent as present administration.
3338	I have never stopped alerting everyone that you cannot know Bukola Saraki enough unless “you live inside him”.
3339	I have no ability to focus.
3340	"I haven't gone out there because I just didn't want to see him like that," he said.
3341	I have only now discovered your site and found it very much worth reading--which I have done for the past hour.
3342	I have said that from my first Gold Cup with the team.
3343	I have seen marks over her body and she would give me excuses.
3344	I have seen reactions in the press and this or that sector on the issue.
3345	I have someone to hold me accountable.’
3346	I have the responsibility to teach him also about suffering and disappointment – the difficult things we face – and to remind him that though we are in this world, we are not of it.
3347	“I have to cancel all these hiking trips or find new leaders to lead the trips,” she said.
3348	I have to start getting to know people.
3349	“I have two kids, and if you look year by year, college is getting ever more expensive,” he said.
3350	I have watched as incrementally the insuracne companies tightened the expenditures on insured's benefits until it was the myth of healthcare we have today.
3351	“I have worked with Peter before at Girvan and have just retired as a PE teacher so I have time on my hands to work here again.”
3352	… I heard some stories from other soldiers that they had a mission to dig a mass grave.”
3353	I honestly have no idea what it means, but it somehow adds to the sense of allure surrounding the restaurant (a “je ne sais quoi”, hon hon hon!).
3354	"I hope one of 'em is against us.
3355	I hope some good comes of it.
3356	I hope that this sentence can offer them some comfort as they try to move on with their lives.
3357	I hope that those continue in due measure as I am grateful to the conscientious priests, devoted religious and faithful laity of the Diocese who have made my time as priest and bishop a great joy.
3358	“I hope the whole City can adopt the idea of separating waste as it has enormous benefits.
3359	I hope this conversation does not end after this outrage fizzles out but instead translates into meaningful action.
3360	I hope this exhibit gives everyone an idea of how far we have come and gives everyone optimism about future possibilities," he said.
3361	“I hope you find a place, a home, a community.
3362	"I idolize Steve Buscemi," says the 5' 7" 28-year-old.
3363	“I joined the Army and a year later I was in Vietnam.
3364	I just learned that these past few days,” he said.
3365	I just love them so much.
3366	“I just want to find out why that has occurred and what steps we should be taking to ensure that I can never happen again.”
3367	I keep telling people to get a cat instead, as cats are solitary creatures.
3368	I keep thinking about Explorer 1, our satellite launched in 1977 which entered interstellar space in 2012, now the farthest man-made object from earth.
3369	Iker stated this was a tough round of negotiations and a difficult strike.
3370	I knew if he goes home, I’ll never see this kid again,” Zammit told foxsports.
3371	I knew it was huge.
3372	I knew Mexicans work together, even if they are riding for different teams and them racing different teams back home as well.
3373	“I knew there would be a theatre production, with a ruthlessly ambitious director, and a young cast, likely to fall in love with each other.
3374	“I knew we could use our speed and experience to blitz them.
3375	I know for a fact that, on my death bed, I’m going to regret the time I wasted watching the Resident Evil movies.
3376	I know I did the party thing right; I was in a sorority for crying out loud.
3377	"I know it's become part of the narrative that people knew what was going to happen at any minute," Blankfein said.
3378	“I know quilts give comfort and support.
3379	I know small planes and where and how they integrate into regular airports.
3380	I know that each of the kids put lots and lots of time into it, so it’s good to see their hard work is paying dividends.”
3381	I know that the Civic Center has a large amount of space in their convention hall, a huge atrium, a theater area with a stage, and even a little lounge area.
3382	I know we will reach the final and defend our trophy.
3383	I learned a lot from watching him about good weather presentations.
3384	“I learned the sport when I was 10 years old,” he said.
3385	"I left the movie satisfied that my 3.50 was well spent"
3386	I like it for its small size and simple beauty, and it really bridges the gap between the rough edges of the DR public beaches and the fortresses of the large all-inclusives.
3387	I like to think of all the people who got a piece of that.
3388	I live in this area and have seen horrific accidents, long delays due to accidents and have narrowly escaped a couple myself.
3389	ILLINOIS CITY, Ill. (KWQC) — She calls it a “hobby grown wild.”
3390	I’ll just meander through the alphabet of diversions and try to be someplace interesting when the afternoon torrential rains hit as they have just about every afternoon this month.
3391	I’ll never wonder, ‘What if?’
3392	I'll note there were other years where the eventual matchup wasn't polled at this time, but in all of those the incumbent was either tied or well ahead of the leading challenger.
3393	Illuminated pedestrian crossings are popping up in suburbs all over Georgia’s capital to bring attention to walkways and raise awareness of road safety in Tbilisi.
3394	I'll write your name in the snow sometime and it won't be with my finger.
3395	I looked at his innocent face in the rearview mirror and it was one of those moments.
3396	I looked at one of the first results on the list.
3397	I lost weeks, I lost months, I lost years (two).
3398	I love being here by the Ohio River and all the things that Parkersburg has to offer and the people are great.
3399	I love imagining the stories behind the old walls.
3400	I love old buildings.
3401	“I love running around to different programs … I couldn’t see myself not having a structure.
3402	“I’m actually looking for somebody, a nutritionist or a doctor, (to test the milk) because no study has been (done),” she said.
3403	I made it back.
3404	I made new friends, I had a laugh with all the staff and I just had a real good time there.
3405	I made the choice the stay on.”
3406	Images licensed from iStock and Fotolia.
3407	I'm a get at you in a minute; I'm a get at you in a minute".
3408	Imagine him today, a CEO of a leviathan firm, suffocated in a Manhattan suite, his visage grave like that of Shonekan, his language about profit and loss, his temperament of the mercantilist sobriety of the masters of the universe.
3409	Imagine our pride when we saw San Francisco, and our own Union Street at that, as just one location of four across the country.
3410	Imagine the other as evil.
3411	Imagine, you can post a letter on the bottom end of Valentia Island and it can be anywhere else in Ireland the next day and, if not, the day after.
3412	I'm also certain (not) you'll find that "the KKK are Republicans today."
3413	I'm asking my manager who's like, "Just chill!
3414	I may watch TV or do a little workout in my sunroom.
3415	I'm eager to find out the meaning and origin of my own first name.
3416	I mean, everything is on social media if you want to find the truth of the matter.
3417	I mean, this isn't something funny but you must be Haitian to understand that we deal with everything with laughter.
3418	I meet, greet, teach and doctor a lot of people.
3419	“I met one of my heros today,” Shaw tweeted below his picture with Emma Gonzalez.
3420	I’m glad that it’s coming out, in all different areas, because I think it’s important for everyone to be treated respectfully.
3421	I’m going to look for my checks, but first I need to push the Pepsi aside so that I don’t accidentally knock it over.
3422	I’m going to miss the coaching staffthey’ve been such a great influence.
3423	“I’m hoping for a cleanup in November.”
3424	"I'm just sick of being in a facility," said Jesse.
3425	"I’m just wondering how they’re going to do it with the motorcycle viking, if he’s still going to be in full effect," Rodgers said.
3426	“I’m looking forward to having more time for that,” she said.
3427	I’m loving this, the many positive regarding our nationals in the diaspora accomplishing great things.
3428	Immediately in the wake of NDA’s coming to power in 2014, at least 7 Governor appointed during the term of the previous government resigned or were removed from office.
3429	Immediately, I was taken aback.
3430	Immigration Judge Kevin R. McHugh denied bail, noting that he had no jurisdiction in this matter.
3431	I’m not a coffee drinker so I also shrink from the thought of making coffee for those who know exactly how it’s supposed to taste.
3432	"I'm not from here, I'm not from there; I don't belong anywhere."
3433	I’m not sure if I should call this a frittata or a pancake or a tart or….
3434	I’m not sure who is fighting back against that.
3435	"I'm out there.
3436	Implementation— which can include increasing recharge and/or reducing pumping—will likely require the measurement of pumping and the allocation of pumping rights to groundwater users.
3437	Important lessons learned were gleaned from the firefighting support.
3438	Improve services: Establishing regular, posted office hours would provide residents with consistent days/times that the Trustee’s Office will be open.
3439	Improve the law on bankruptcy of enterprises under the market mechanism.
3440	Improving trade relations was among the topics which were covered last year, in May, during the long series of discussions held between Malta and Tunisia within the framework of the Third Mixed Commission Meeting.
3441	“I’m really excited about being able to perform at the Citrus Bowl,” said Burchfield.
3442	I’m satisfied with the outcome anyway,” said the artist.
3443	I'm so bad at goodbyes and ending things.
3444	I’m so proud of our constitution.
3445	I'm sorry but I'm not.
3446	I’m still not too sure how it is being received… Often it’s more "What is this?
3447	I'm still shaking!
3448	I’m sure a majority of readers are familiar with the audio tapes of the current POTUS that released, of him having “an incredibly lewd conversation” regarding his conduct with women.
3449	I’m sure it has not got that bad in Cumbria, but when you pick up a daily paper and read headlines like the one on the letters page of the Daily Mail on Monday, you do tend to take a sharp intake of breath.
3450	I'm sure they have a plan locked in, because I think they'll start shooting soon.
3451	I'm sure this week has been hard on all of you, too.
3452	I’m talking about the kawaii treatment, which works like a kiss of death to bad-ass super-heroines in Japanese pop culture.
3453	I’m up to this.’
3454	I must confess the meal is tasty.”
3455	In 1790, the Supreme Court of the United States convened for the first time.
3456	In 1803, New York’s only Jewish congregation, Shearith Israel, established a charity school under its own auspices named Polonies Talmud Torah.
3457	In 1869 they established a convent at Taylor and Ellis Streets.
3458	In 1901, the school moved from Willets Point to Washington Barracks in Washington D.C. During World War I, instructors and students at the school were needed to man an expanding engineer force, which forced a closure of the school.
3459	In 1925, Nii Taki Yaoboi received Edward Prince to Wales to the nation’s capital.
3460	In 1957, he attempted unsuccessfully to become the UK’s Eurovision entry.
3461	In 1958, they migrated to the US, as he was a sponsored electrician to Rainbow Electric in Great Falls.
3462	In 1959, he established Konover & Associates Inc., a real estate development firm.
3463	In 1965, Wiesel was sent to the Soviet Union by the Israeli newspaper Haaretz.
3464	In 1968, 76.6 percent of Black students and 54.8 percent of Latino students attended majority-minority schools,” stated the report.
3465	In 1969, Automobili Lamborghini encountered problems with its fully unionized work force.
3466	In 1974, Al and family moved to Canoe, BC to experience the Shuswap area.
3467	In 1974, our intrepid capitalist graduated from Bryant College, whose mascot is a bulldog.
3468	In 1988, "the Godfather of Soul" ran into a little bit of trouble when he fired a loaded gun inside of an insurance company that shared space with his office after he believed "too many people were using his bathrooms".
3469	In 1988, Yuss left Ridgeway to go and re-organise, and headed the art department at International School of Lusaka until he joined The Post in 1990.
3470	In 2006, the CORE job led Phillips to a position as a job coach at the Vancouver Aboriginal Skills and Employment Training Society (VanAsep).
3471	In 2007, the event attracted more than 54,000 entrants from 87 different countries to the Rio All-Suite Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas and awarded just under $160 million in prize money as players competed for game's most coveted trophy, a WSOP bracelet.
3472	In 2009, Carolyn brought her Vancouver experience and knowledge to Burnaby North Road.
3473	In 2009, GVSU did another report looking into progress that had been made in sustainability practices since the initial discussion.
3474	In 2012 Rutherford County, 65 miles west of Charlotte, approved Amendment One, North Carolina's constitutional ban against gay marriage, by 81 percent.
3475	In 2013, some 5,000 redheads from 80 countries attended a global event in the Netherlands and obtained a place in the Guinness Book of Records for the biggest gathering ever of red-headed people.
3476	In 2015, a memorial plaque to Rosik was installed in his birthplace, the Moravian village of Bzova, close to the Slovak border.
3477	In 2015, the online marketplace reportedly tried to buy several stores from RadioShack after they declared bankruptcy but ultimately did not complete a deal.
3478	In 2016, she was the first Black woman to represent Dior, designing her own Star Trek-inspired shades for the French fashion house.
3479	In 2016, the courts conducted trials in 1,44,979 cases of atrocities against SCs and 23,408 cases against STs.
3480	In 2016, the Waterloo-based BlackBerry announced it was partnering with TCL, which bought the global rights to sell BlackBerry-branded devices.
3481	In 2017, Department of Natural and Resources has promoted administrative reforms to gain certain results.
3482	In 2017, the production value of the Corporation reached more than VND1,000 billion, with a total revenue of nearly 1,500 billion, exceeding the yearly target of 4%.
3483	In 5-quart Dutch oven, melt butter over medium-high heat.
3484	In 6 months there were sent 1.7 million tons of dairy products by Belarus into Russia.
3485	In 961 he again offered himself as an independent candidate but withdrew before the election was held.
3486	In a 2012 study by the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health, 400 Alaska fishermen wore six different PFDs for one month aboard crab boats, trawlers, longline and gillnet vessels.
3487	In a 2016 interview with Huffington Post, the eldest “Jo Bro,” Kevin Jonas, discussed the strain that was put on him and his brothers as a family unit because they were never able to get a break from one another.
3488	In a connected digital environment, innovation is parsed into far smaller pieces, enabling even more people to contribute.
3489	In a court filing Monday, Atrium attacked Florida-based for a "fear-mongering smear campaign" involving print, radio and other advertisements that have run since a Mednax affiliate to supply anesthesiologists at many of Atrium's Charlotte-area hospitals.
3490	In actual fact, functioning in Elliptical geometry has confident no- intuitive consequences.
3491	In addition, a SR500 fee will be levied for multiple trips for three months and SR200 for each additional month within the limits of the duration of the residence permit’s validity.
3492	In addition, he said, it is a process by which service and goods providers are held accountable for what they supply to their customers or consumers.
3493	In addition, multidrug-resistant TB treatment has increased greatly through Global Fund projects, which until now has been too costly for most countries to provide.
3494	In addition, the AMS will be bringing back the Last Band Standing competition, which calls on students to vote for a fellow student's band to win management meetings, prizes and a chance to play at Block Party.
3495	In addition, the Energy Community also has a strong sustainability dimension under which Georgia will have to follow EU norms in a number of energy efficiency, environmental and soon also climate related areas.
3496	In addition, the long term work of building countries’ capacity and preparedness continues, to support the readiness of countries’ health systems for future events – storms, cyclones, and anything else.
3497	In addition, the PGA recognized ”The Post“, ”The Big Sick,“ ”Wonder Woman, “I, Tonya,” “Molly’s Game” and “Call Me by Your Name” on its 2018 nominations list.
3498	In addition, there is a Pilates Reformer, Chair and Cadillac, as well as the comprehensive Gyrotonic Pulley Tower.
3499	In addition, this past year saw the conclusion of the "Our Legacy, Our Future, Our Hope" campaign, which has raised approximately $12 million to provide financial support for seminarians' educational costs and priests' retirement funds.
3500	In addition to being a wife and the mother of three children, she began a mid-life career with the American National Red Cross, Service to Military Installations.
3501	In addition to healthcare, Vocera is at home in luxury hotels, aged care facilities, nuclear facilities, libraries, retail stores and more.
3502	In addition to his educational achievements, Herrmann has also managed the Cook Islands national rugby team and the national women’s volleyball team, and chaired the National Rugby Forum in 1999.
3503	In addition to motivating them in various ways in morality.
3504	In addition, visit facebook.
3505	In addition, YSP officials in the countryside in the South continued an antagonistic attitude to the ex-Southerners mostly for traditional and historical reasons.
3506	In a decision that shocked many, the prosecutor chose to charge the man with “sexual abuse of a minor under 15 years old” instead of rape, the charge that the girl’s family had asked for.
3507	In Africa, the wives wield so much influence.”
3508	In a high-profile case in April 2017, Isle of Wight father Jon Platt lost an appeal in the Supreme Court against his £120 fine for taking his daughter on an unauthorised trip to Disney World Florida during term-time.
3509	In a letter to Abaya on Feb. 1, Salceda urged the DOTC chief to speed up the award of the contract for the Phase 2A of the BIA, covering the construction of land side facilities which was bid out on Dec. 8 last year.
3510	In all of these situations people recognise the limitations of their own health care systems and make an active choice to travel to a place that can best address their own particular needs and preferences.
3511	In all, PDO’s National Objectives programme has provided more than 30,000 job, training and redeployment opportunities for Omanis since it was launched in 2011.
3512	In all, there were 4,563 fans in attendance for the game.
3513	In a local salon in the Chouf region, 16-year-old Samah was telling her fellow Syrian refugee and beneficiary, 27-year-old Ahlam, to hold still as she applied makeup to her face.
3514	In a milestone year such as Canada’s 150th anniversary, it’s tempting to try to forecast the future.
3515	In a nation that has led the world in philosophical debate and in medical science, that now sets the standard for educating a generation of Information Age technocrats, Neeraj does her earnest best to get to a girls’ night school.
3516	In an attempt to break the deadlock in negotiations with the EU over the Irish border issue, ministers have revised one of their two options for post-Brexit customs options.
3517	In an effort to improve border security, the BSF now intends to realign fencing along the India-Pakistan border in Jammu, while the Indian Army is enhancing counter-infiltration measures along the LoC.
3518	In an effort to keep order during some heated meetings, McNown cut more than one speech short.
3519	In a news conference Tuesday, he promised to evacuate those who want to leave and provide services and shelter to those who stay.
3520	In an interview, he said he had endured 54 electric-shock treatments, was repeatedly roped to his bed and was routinely injected with drugs powerful enough to make him swoon.
3521	In an interview with a reporter, the abusers recounted what to them are “feel-good” moments when they take the drug.
3522	In an interview with Petra, Fakhoury said that the first gaming lab was opened in Amman, then in Irbid and now in Aqaba, noting that next on the list are Maan, Karak and Zarqa governorates.
3523	In another article quotes Russian Foreign Affairs Council expert Andrey Kortunov, who says that Russia-Turkey contradictions stem from the Syrian issue, Southern Caucasus regional issues and the Crimean Tatar ethical issue.
3524	In another, a stern nurse insists on calling June “Mrs.
3525	In another lawsuit filed by Abdella, Beatrice Savage of 88 Lincoln St., Gloversville, filed an April 11 complaint against Hospitality Syracuse Inc of Liverpool, N.Y. That is the parent company of the Johnstown Taco Bell at 207 N. Comrie Ave.
3526	In an with the Sacramento Bee, Harris said she would not seek to weaken the federal Endangered Species Act in the interest of more water access; Sanchez had said any changes would be difficult politically but “everything needs to be on the table.”
3527	In any case if anyone felt threatened by female Muslim students wearing Hijab I would have thought the proper thing to do was to go to court and seek redress rather than defy a lawful order issued by a lawful authority.
3528	“In a pluralistic society like ours, true tolerance allows people with different viewpoints to be free to live out their beliefs, even if those beliefs are unpopular with the government.”
3529	In April 1998, just a few days after the USS Missouri arrived at a permanent home in Pearl Harbor, the unit was moved to the Missouri.
3530	In April 2011, she founded the Fort McMurray Breastfeeding Support Group, which has provided residents the opportunity to meet with counsellors, doulas and registered nurses.
3531	In April 2013, Klingshirn brought 30 years of executive experience to the leadership team at Saint Ignatius High School, his high school alma mater.
3532	In April, the group began researching animals and learning core values, teamwork and robot programming.
3533	In a review of 2011 traffic patterns, researchers concluded that, "congestion caused urban Americans to travel 5.5 billion hours more and to purchase an extra 2.9 billion gallons of fuel."
3534	In a small bowl, mix together the toasted walnuts, brown sugar and cinnamon.
3535	In a small oven proof skillet over low to medium heat, heat the oil.
3536	In a statement Ashton said 'a deliberate policy of taking no prisoners during armed conflict constitutes a war crime.'
3537	IN a statement issued by Joburg Water (JW) external communication officer, Eleanor Mavimbela, it emerged the reason for the theft of the water meters is the brass bodies that the old water meters consist of.
3538	In a statement issued later in the day, Navarro-Valls said cancelling the Mass due to security risks was never considered.
3539	In a statement, Vogue Arabia editor-in-chief Manuel Arnaut defended the magazine’s editorial decisions.
3540	In a statement yesterday, Bulawayo provinci.
3541	In a town easily given over to bluster and groupthink, Kelly’s known as a steady hand who insists on always running as the underdog.
3542	In August 2016 — at the very time that Church was languishing in jail — Barrett even used his power to assign case work to any member of the Missouri State Bar to assign Nixon himself with providing representation to a needy defendant (
3543	In a video about everyday Fijian terms posted on its Facebook and Instagram pages, Tourism…
3544	In a wave of violence unmatched in our history, the weaponry of this cartel was turned against other Mohawks and in 1990 we degenerated into civil war.
3545	In a world where image is everything it is hardly surprising that more and more men are feeling the pressure to look good at all times.
3546	In a year or so, we may reach the one million mark but with the ruins and scars we are left with, other milestones will become elusive too for another substantial period of time if status-quo persists everywhere.
3547	In Bancroft, Stedman’s and the pharmacies carry them, as does Ashlie’s Bookstore.
3548	In Bình Thủy District, many households earn good incomes from urban farming, with many in Bà Bộ flower village earning VNĐ80-100 million (US$3,500 – 4,400) a year.
3549	In celebration of National Arbor Day, the grounds and landscaping department will be planting different kinds of trees around campus the week of April 23 through 27.
3550	In celebration of Older Americans Month and in the spirit of promoting health and wellness for all, the Senior Services Division of Lyon County Human Services will host its annual Healthy Aging Expo on Wednesday, May 31.
3551	In certain circumstances, a business may pay for one or more personal subscriptions for individuals associated with that business.
3552	“Including one written to my dog…but it was this sense that he felt a certain destiny to talk to me which is clearly not normal.”
3553	In conclusion the Inspector General’s report summary said McCollum could have done better.
3554	In contrast, said Heydarian, President Benigno Aquino III and his Chinese counterpart are yet to “hold a single formal summit; the two countries are yet to sign a single hotline; and Chinese investments in the Philippines have been effectively frozen.”
3555	Incredibly, they weren’t able to give the tractor a full test run before the Blytheville competition.
3556	In December, after the excitement around the opening had died down, some city councillors expressed concerns about the feasibility of the gallery’s revenue targets.
3557	In December, House Speaker Paul Ryan women in the U.S.—where birth rates are at an all-time low—to have more children to ensure the future of Social Security and Medicaid benefits.
3558	In December, Sister Julia will return to her classrooms, where she works part-time at Aileu Public High School and full-time at the St. Paul Catholic High School.
3559	Indeed, he explains he was worried about people listening to it.
3560	Indeed, interesting new ways of providing aid have emerged over the years.
3561	Indeed, since early 2016, the fastest house price rises have been seen in commuter towns outside the M25 rather than in the capital itself.
3562	Indeed, there has been too many anti-establishment hashtag enterprises which have built the momentum to the much anticipated 2018 plebiscite.
3563	Independence Party MPs met last night to discuss the issue.
3564	In-depth training is also provided to all contractors to ensure the successful installation and maintenance of the equipment.
3565	India favourites to win World T20 title : New Zealand skipper Kane Williamson »
3566	“Indiana was a sorting moment,” he said.
3567	India never assumed a motherly / fatherly / hegemonic position regarding Indians in the Diaspora, even when there were/are known injustices, as in Guyana, Fiji, Uganda and other places.
3568	Indies want to send Trump a message by sinking Cruz.
3569	"… Individually, each kid has three things that they need to fix in the next two weeks.
3570	“Individually I believe I’ve had a pretty good year.
3571	Individuals and teams from Carson City, Northern Nevada and Northern California took an icy cold dip into Lake Tahoe Saturday for the annual Special Olympics Polar Plunge, raising around $150,000 for the program's many functions.
3572	Individuals with actual roots, like jobs and kids, move slower.
3573	In doing so, he turned their personal experience into a national political issue, reaching to the highest levels of government.
3574	In doing so, they are attempting to convey the message that they are still alive and well.
3575	In doing so, we will be standing up in solidarity with them and sending a strong signal that Malaysians will not tolerate such intimidation and that we are in unison in demanding good governance and free and fair elections.
3576	In early August, Broekmann sent another letter to Vodacom on hearing that Vodacom had implemented a new accounting system during March/April and had experienced billing issues.
3577	I needed a good dose of Vitamin D and a break from winter.
3578	"I needed some programs immediately so that the students would have new work to do, I'm going to lose their interest soon if they don't have more to learn on the computers." said Slinkard.
3579	"I needed that."
3580	I neglected to count the dogs, but considering that most people had more than one pooch, I’d say it was about twenty.
3581	Inequality and mistreatment based on skin colour, religion, gender, sexual orientation and identity still exists in Canada.
3582	I never thought I’d play as many games as I did.
3583	I never thought I'd see a desert in my life.
3584	In Exodus 20, he told the Israelites to honor their fathers and mothers and to be faithful to their spouses.
3585	In fact, California wants to put a million electric cars on the road by 2020.
3586	In fact, following the buffet time and avoiding food wastage are common in Japan and China.
3587	In fact, her cheeks appeared to be on the verge of swallowing up her outfit.
3588	In fact, he says that he is related to Spite.
3589	In fact, he was under police protection for six months.
3590	In fact, it is shameful that despite having been born and brought up as a Manipuri Gorkha, today I am having to publish an appeal to clarify that I too belong to Manipur.
3591	In fact President Abdi Somali region was not considered even part of Ethiopia, people of Somali region themselves were not think that they are Ethiopian citizens.
3592	In fact, RMB has strengthened more than 3% vis-à-vis the greenback this year, bringing its total gains over the past six years to 30%.
3593	In fact, the Dunceport will probably become an added attraction, kind of like the ruins of Machu Picchu are to the Inca Trail.
3594	In fact, the film has crossed the opening weekend figures for mega stars like ‘Krrish 3’ (Rs 72.8 crore), ‘Bang Bang’ (Rs 71.72 crore), ‘Agneepath’ (Rs 67.50 crore) and ‘Ek Tha Tiger ‘ (Rs 60.42 crore).
3595	In fact, the high-pressure ridge is often so large, it's deflecting moisture from most of the west coast of Canada and the Unites States!
3596	In fact, the real reason for investing in Iraqi currency is its current price, which is very low.
3597	In fact, Wadsworth rallied around its coach and made sure he didn’t go into a crazy week having to worry about the landmark.
3598	In fairness, I know it's quite difficult to say, but the whole season really is geared around Ascot.
3599	In February, after a two month stay, he moved to Southern, Oregon, after finding a job that also provided him with housing.
3600	In February, Chad deployed 2,500 troops as part of a regional effort to take on the militant group, which has been fighting for five years to create an Islamist emirate in northern Nigeria.
3601	In February, Pugh the creation of the Office of African American Male Engagement, which seeks to pair that demographic with role models.
3602	In fiscal year (FY) 2017, 40,810 children were referred to ORR from the Department of Homeland Security (DHS).
3603	Inflation in Singapore eased more than expected in April, with the main drags coming from lower accommodation costs as well as private transport costs.
3604	Information department known among us as human meat grinder forces us to improve ourselves every minute.
3605	In game two, the Rayders won 15-7.
3606	In Germany, pension funds guarantee only a rate of 2.25% with regard to contributions made until retirement age.
3607	In Germany, Yorke had his own room while junior players shared rooms.
3608	Inglis did an eight-year stint of doctoring/Christian evangelizing among the Tahltans in isolated Telegraph Creek before moving to Gibsons in 1914—where, with some zeal, he adopted the socialist ethic of the local Finnish community.
3609	In Greek-American families it is no different, except for Sundays when the family visits with yiayia (grandmother) for Greek cuisine after church!
3610	In her acceptance speech, Cllr Wise said: “I am looking forward to the coming year which is set to be both busy and challenging with some developments coming to an end and others just starting.
3611	In her off-time, she volunteers at this mobile produce stand run by Yolo Food Bank twice a month.
3612	In her simple fashion, my mother defended the system.
3613	In her statement, she said that Cosby had escorted her into his dressing room and sexually harassed her.
3614	In her tweets, Zille said, “For those claiming legacy of colonialism was only negative, think of our independent judiciary, transport infrastructure, piped water.”
3615	In her welcome, the Speaker the Hon. Mary Lawrence, MBE, JP, stressed the need for all to put aside bitterness and division, and instead remain grateful for Cayman's many blessings.
3616	In his age classification in the 30-34 group, he finished 35th out of 201 entrants.
3617	In his anti-comic book screed, the controversial psychiatrist asserted that Wonder Woman was a lesbian and that she gave young girls about the role of women in society.
3618	In his brief life, Buddy Holly wrote more hits than many other singers.
3619	In his cable the minister wished the governor success in his new posting, praising His Highness's persistent efforts, contributions and services to the homeland.
3620	“In his night show Last Week Tonight with John Oliver, John Oliver showed in a sketch how FIFA imposes its own laws during the World Cup and supersedes those of the host nation.
3621	In his post-match comments Gavin said he still had the belief the Ducks could pull off an escape of Houdini proportions.
3622	In his response, Ambassador Sergeyev said he was sure of the ability to fruitfully cooperate in carrying out joint trade projects as well as developing tourist infrastructure in both countries.
3623	In his State of the State speech in Syracuse, Gov. Andrew Cuomo announced that planning for Interstate-81 reconstruction in downtown Syracuse will once again include studies of the tunnel and depressed highway options.
3624	In hot and humid conditions, it is better to go for light, lemony and fresh fragrances, rather than heavy ones.
3625	“In Iran, the customary marriage age range is 20-34 for men and 15-29 for women … 46% of men and 48% of women in those age ranges remain unmarried,” according to the national statistics agency.
3626	In Iraq, that is, for the insurgency fighting against American troops.
3627	In Israel people have asked the same profound questions about the Arab Spring that have been asked in the West: will the dramatic political changes ultimately bear the fruits of democracy or give way to non-democratic forces and further radicalisation?
3628	In Italy after a while of getting used to it, it's working in the right way."
3629	Initially they have a sterile, robotic feel, but when you view them in their human-scale sizes and see their playful aesthetic, you experience an unexpected sense of connection.
3630	In its analysis of stalled projects, the Economic Survey 2015 did not even cite land acquisition as a factor for private sector projects.
3631	In its third year, the Aurora Prize for Awakening Humanity received 750 submissions for 509 unique candidates from over 115 countries.
3632	In June of 2014, not long after the most recent peace talks broke down, Peres and Abbas met in Rome for a two-hour prayer session.
3633	In June, the 27-year-old New Yorker signed a multi-year deal with the second largest wrestling promotion in the world, TNA Impact Wresting.
3634	In Karnataka, 1,300 of the states total 1,500 projects are from Bengaluru alone.
3635	In keeping with her wishes, there will be no memorial service and interment will be private.
3636	In Kerala, experienced farmers always advise us not to buy spotless vegetables from the market.
3637	In Klein’s account, this intellectual shift is loosely linked to the material rise of capitalism, which demands that coal be burned to fuel the satanic mills.
3638	In less than seven years, owner Cory Bedford has created a well-respected multi-million dollar business with 20 staff, based on simple principles of customer focus and reliability.
3639	In leveraging a shared identity, the campaigns are forcing voters to reconcile how they see themselves, often to the effect of prioritizing one over another in a world of multiplicity.
3640	In lieu of flowers a memorial fund has been established at First Community Bank, Galena in memory of Amanda.
3641	In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions can be made to the Blue Mountain 4-H Center, 10507 N. McAlister Road, Room 9, La Grande, OR 97850.
3642	In lieu of flowers, memorial donations may be made to the Colorado Dairy Women at TBK Bank, PO Box 629, Mead, CO 80542.
3643	In literal terms, this aphorism suggests that we not only picture the typical way an illness presents but also prioritize commonplace illnesses over the rare or obscure.
3644	In London too, the conservative Arthur Balfour government made an exit the same year to give way to the liberal Henry Campbell-Bannerman government, further removing China’s hurdles.
3645	Inman said her company recently developed an elementary-age program the complements the middle school and high school programs already available.
3646	“In many cases, I’ve talked to Army and Marine Corps officers who say their best soldier or Marine is an airman,”
3647	In March 1969, the Office was renamed the Revolutionary Committee of Xisha Qundao, Zhongsha Qundao and Nansha Qundao of Guangdong Province.
3648	In March 2007 he was made chief of the Palestinian National Security Force.
3649	In May, German Chancellor Angela Merkel gave assurances that she’d block the imports of any chlorine-washed chicken, or as it’s known in German.
3650	In Minnesota, they lived and worked the iron mines on the Mesabi Range; in New York, both the skilled and unskilled worked side-by-side, forging magnificent structures in close quarters.
3651	In more civilized times, battles were sometimes fought on battlefields, in the countryside, far away from civilians, between soldiers; and codes of honour and chivalry were recognized.
3652	In most cases, Facebook disables accounts on which intimate images are shared without permission, according to Davis.
3653	In most of the cases Human Rights violations take place at the ground level which calls for better controls by the superior officers.
3654	IN my last article, of Sunday October 12, 2008, I referred to the fearful financial situation still taking place now in the USA, Europe, and Asia.
3655	In my opinion, if any person feels that Sharmila has done wrong, he or she can start indefinite fast from tomorrow for another 16 years.
3656	In Neil Pollock’s home province of British Columbia, a group called Foreskin Pride has actually held protests against circumcision, the procedure that has formed the heart of Dr. Pollock’s medical career for 20 years.
3657	In Nigeria, as in the rest of the world, politicians have all too often used religious sentiments, as they have used other sentiments, to get and retain power and priviledge.
3658	In Northampton, however, she was thrown in at the deep end.
3659	Innovative funding solutions like Yoma Bank’s back-to-back loan allow MFIs to attract funding without the need to commit fixed asset collateral typically required by banks."
3660	In one, Christians prayed during times of drought to a casket suspended from the ceiling that supposedly contained the bones of the Greek philosopher Aristotle.
3661	In one video an English-speaking extremist held up a home-made sign with the word "Manchester" and the date of the attack.
3662	In order not to disappoint the 7.7m Venezuelans that voted for change, it will be incumbent upon the MUD to avoid revenge politics.
3663	In order to check if the caramel is ready, drop a small amount in cold water and if the liquid solidifies, then it is ready.
3664	In order to control taxes, determine where you will tax distributions for your cash flow.
3665	In order to get up to code, either the wall would have to be removed and the pool re-graded to create a slope or two separate pools would have to be created with at least six feet of space between them.
3666	“In order to maintain reliable service, we sometimes have to trim trees or even remove them.”
3667	In order to supplement their incomes, many working women or even homemakers have started projects on the side, such as cooking and selling food on the Internet or through social media apps.
3668	In other business, Council voted to purchase a new motor grader from Flint Construction and Forestry Division.
3669	In other sectors it increased mainly in the finance sector.
3670	In other words it irritates us severely.
3671	I noticed a problem / I need help.
3672	In our welfare system we need change too.
3673	In part, he did this because he wanted to bring his Grade 2 and 3 students to southern Manitoba where they could learn about agriculture.
3674	In particular, batteries are criticized for their toxic disposal hazard to the environment.
3675	In particular, Cornyn said, the agreement should be updated to include provisions on energy and digital commerce, neither of which were topics of discussion when NAFTA was originally signed in 1994.
3676	In recent years, Nicolette’s interest in using sage to treat Alzheimer’s triggered a collaborative investigation with Newcastle University into the benefits of the herb to the central nervous system.
3677	In related news, Riley told the board that on Friday, June 1, R.V. Sutton Inc. undertook and completed the installation of the sanitary sewer line which will service the boxcar restroom facility.
3678	In response, Bannon developed two related insights.
3679	In response to “Our public library is indeed a safe place to be” (Auburn Reporter, Aug. 11): I am also a frequent patron at the…
3680	In rural Lennox and Addington, this would mean closing three schools in Stone Mills and building one new one in Centreville.
3681	In short, Christ announces the Kingdom of God speaking with authority and healing men to give them back their freedom as children of God.
3682	Inside, a cushion marked the spot where I’d end up spending the longest 10 days of my life.
3683	Inside, displays featured specialties of their region, with items for exhibition and sale.
3684	Inspired by a Shedd ballpark promotion, the White Sox decided to eliminate plastic straws in April, switching to paper straws at Guaranteed Rate Field.
3685	Inspired by Congreve’s The Way of the World, Alessandra Occhiolini ‘17’s The Lady and the Libertine is about two women, Mirabel (Emma Remsberg ‘17) and Millicent (Tamara Matheson ‘18), who have been in love for a long time.
3686	Inspired by the fast growth rate, he cut down all eucalyptus trees in his farm to create space to set up bamboo nursery.
3687	In spite of producer Jerry Bruckheimerteasing possible plots since at least 2014 and Val Kilmer letting slip in late 2015 that he’d been offered the chance to reprise his role, the hosts were the first to get a confirmation from Cruise himself.
3688	In spite of these laudable developments, the GOL is of the view that the persistent climate of violence and instability requires a stronger and more robust international peacekeeping presence in the CAR.
3689	Instead campaign manager Ian Robertson wears the defeat in public.
3690	Instead, he would be at the Claude Mayo Administrative Building to discuss a variety of issues.
3691	Instead, I awoke to rain.
3692	Instead of the gathering song.
3693	“Instead of the power hit, it was the power hip.”
3694	Instead, party leaders celebrated state Attorney General Patrick Morrisey‘s win, which capped the first multi-state primary of 2018.
3695	Instead, the reason for high Tesla insurance costs is something far more mundane: The bill at the body shop.
3696	Instead, use it to tackle projects that require your full concentration.
3697	“Instead, we begin to look to the present, and we see it differently, with a different kind of hope.
3698	Instructors at Prevail Martial Arts and other members of the martial arts community will be there to teach basic techniques to newcomers in the area of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
3699	In such a manner he is writing off a whole generation and its extension.
3700	In such a place, might I be transformed into a successful, well-adjusted stockbroker who is not on HR’s watch-list and under round-the-clock surveillance?
3701	In such atmosphere, the possibility is growing for South Korean President Moon Jae-in and Chinese President Xi Jinping to have a summit, raising hopes for warming relations chilled over the deployment of the THAAD missile defense system on the peninsula.
3702	Insurance Bureau of Canada figures bear the personal experiences out to the wider scale.
3703	Insurance firm Chubb brought two tranches of senior debt to the market on Thursday, to raise €1.8bn in its first ever euro deal.
3704	“In Syracuse, it may be pedestrian safety.
3705	In talking with patients and staff, it's clear why they have the BSE at BSE.
3706	In Tallahassee, I was surrounded by more than 15,000 feminists who were all marching in unity for one and other.
3707	In Tasmania, the disease has reduced the wild population to less than 90 per cent in some areas.
3708	Intelenet® Global Services is a large global Business Process Services player, committed to delivering its client's strategic goals and helping in enhancing, broadening, and deepening the relationship to add value.
3709	Interested vendors can sell garage sale items, household goods, tools, vintage and antique wares, collectibles, crafts and more.
3710	Interestingly, there are no objections to the plan from non-Jewish supporters of Israel.
3711	Interfax opens its 20th press center in Russia.
3712	“In terms of replacements we are not in a desperate rush we need to make sure we get the right ones in.
3713	International microelectronics manufacturer Cypress Semiconductor conducts high-level Computer-Aided Design from the first floor of the former Festival Market.
3714	Interview: U.S. expert calls for efforts from world leaders on sustained welfare of mankind-EastdayWelcome to english.
3715	In testimony before the committee Tuesday, Harold Koh, the legal adviser to the State Department, insisted that the resolution did not apply to Libya, a position that the administration has expressed repeatedly.
3716	In that regard, we reiterate our full support for the Secretary-General’s Special Envoy, Ambassador Christopher Ross, whose shuttle diplomacy is necessary to facilitate dialogue and bring the positions closer together.
3717	In the 17th minute of the game, Darien was awarded a penalty kick due to a hand ball in the box as a Hornet player tried to defend the Darien corner kick.
3718	In the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, the Bharatiya Janata Party put together an unprecedented social coalition: in addition to the upper castes and Other Backward Classes, it received support from the scheduled tribes and scheduled castes.
3719	In the afternoon we will board our expedition ship, the located in Ushuaia.
3720	In the American West, some wolf advocates criticize the Wolf Advisory Group, accusing it of ignoring the best science when it decided twice in the past year to slaughter wolves.
3721	In the back of his mind, he harbours larger schemes: reclaiming more of the desert for agricultural use, and relocating the seat of government to a new, as yet unbuilt capital city.
3722	In the beginning, I remember, people would have no respect to the guards whatsoever.
3723	In the beginning, the free toilet paper was placed inside the cubicles, but people would often overuse it.
3724	In the block just east of the Nashville House, across from the courthouse on East Main, was a brick building that at one time housed Charlie Genolin’s drug store and Laura David’s restaurant.
3725	In the Blue Devils’ subsequent contest against Evansville, who led the nation in 3-point percentage entering the game, they held the Purple Aces to shoot just 5-of-14 from deep in their 104-40 rout.
3726	In the Cameroon English-speaking education sub-system, pupils leaving primary school enter secondary school after passing the Government Common Entrance Examinations (and obtaining a First School Leaving Certificate) in Class 6 (now) or 7 (formerly).
3727	In the case of Gimelfarb, he was close to his parents and called them frequently.
3728	In the context of Nepal, before the liberalization and introduction of the private sector players, the telecom sector could not really make significant progress.
3729	In the country where Fazal-ur-Rehman lives, the judicial system derive from Britain laws and the western countries have a deep influence on it which allows them to do whatever they want with total freedom.
3730	In the country, which according to the World Economic Forum`s economic competitiveness index is number 35, I think, it's a good indicator that the country is free.
3731	In the current Report Card, for the first time the Monitor also rated the 29 non-Black members of Congress whose constituencies are 25 percent or more African American.
3732	In the early 1990s, he met an aboriginal artist named Jimmy Pike in an aboriginal stronghold in Western Australia.
3733	In the end, York withdrew her name stating.
3734	In the event of inclement weather, classes will be held indoors.
3735	In the fall of 1978, Hazelton had a high school wrestling team with a dedicated group of parents.
3736	In the Final series, however, it was Costa Rica’s surfers who became the great protagonists with representatives in all the finals going man-to-man, two competitors in the last heat going for the win.
3737	In the First Division Nelson are away at Eccleshall and Bacup Borough visit New Mills.
3738	In the first quarter, the Indians and the Guard fought tooth-and-nail for control of the early momentum of the contest, with the home team Douglass netting a total of eight points, while Brook hill collected seven points.
3739	In the first round of the three-hour surgery on Friday, doctors at state-run St George’s Hospital started the process to elongate Salve’s urethra by creating a tissue conduit.
3740	In the first tale, former fire lookout Mike Drovdahl wrote in to tell his first-hand account of his summer job in 1975.
3741	"In the first year, when I think of what we made, it wasn't so good, but we've got into the swing of things now and you just hop in the car and away you go."
3742	In the global and national moment, ambivalence is understandable.
3743	In the hard-fought and dirty New York Senate campaign, Chuck Schumer beat incumbent Republican Al D'Amato.
3744	In the house (where the audience sits) we find Mark Eugster, Alberta Ballet’s Technical Director who enjoys “figuring out the puzzle” of mounting the show in different theatres and presenting a final product of staging that cleverly plays with scale.
3745	In the Indian world, the richest person is not the one who has the most "stuff".
3746	In their place: genres of entertainment, from Broadway productions to Cirque du Soleil dinner-and-a-show productions to comedy shows.
3747	In their seven losses, the Sun Devils averaged 79 yards per game, rushing for less yards than their opponents six out of seven times.
3748	In the last few months there has been a significant increase in violence within the south, mostly between different ethnic groups.
3749	“In the last few weeks Kenney and the UCP have taken civil discourse to a new Trump-like low,” she wrote.
3750	In the last four years, China's annual FDI to Europe was $10 billion with Western Europe being their favorite destination.
3751	In the last quarter century, the southern-most continent's ice sheet — a key indicator of climate change — melted into enough water to cover Texas to a depth of nearly 13 feet (4 meters), scientists calculated.
3752	"In the long term, it's not up to us where the funding sources would be, but historically it's been a mix of state, federal and local funding.
3753	In the loss for Meek, Kalin Rivers gave up five hits, three runs and four walks in six innings.
3754	In the meantime, if you are among those worried about privacy, if you don't want others to know what sites you have visited, what kind of comments you leave, where you live or what your children look like, don't post it on Facebook!
3755	In the meantime, the waiting game continues.
3756	In the mean time, we have a civic duty to play our role as residents to see to the success of the Governor and Nairobi as a whole, while providing constructive criticism.
3757	In the meantime, we must ensure that these monuments remain intact.
3758	In the months and years ahead, Weah’s government will need to attract foreign investment, create jobs, and educate its people if the country is to move forward.
3759	In the movie, Earth faces its biggest threat in the form of the most super of supervillains, Thanos.
3760	In the nearest future, we plan to increase the number of our products by at least 30 % compared to what we are producing now.
3761	In the new commander-in-chief of the United States, African heads of states have found the chance to stand tall in the eyes of their people.
3762	In the non-fiction realm, Michael Apted’s remarkable “Up” series continues to check in every seven years with a core group of participants who were children when the first installment, directed by Paul Almond, debuted in 1964.
3763	In the past few years, we have hired numerous teachers.
3764	In the past, she has also painted portraits.
3765	In the past three weeks - attorney and PUP politician Arthur Saldivar has become one of the most talked about national figures - and, let's just say, most of those discussions don't center on his positive traits.
3766	In the public sector, nothing is inked because we can always vote the bastards out of office and write ourselves a new deal.
3767	In the Red Cross field hospital at Bhuj, pediatrician Gamal Handy, a Palestinian, told IANS she has treated 30 infants for severe dehydration and four or five for heatstroke in the last 10 days alone.
3768	In the release, Scott made mention of the wildfire in Collier County in early March that had closed down a portion of Interstate 75.
3769	In these areas, guests are bound by an honor system to power off all electronic devices.
3770	In the tweets, Moon said, “At the very heart of BTS’ outstanding dancing and singing is sincerity.
3771	In the two years since it was founded, Andela has accepted just over 200 engineers from a pool of more than 40,000 applicants.
3772	In the US, calls came from the EU and Human Rights Watch for an “independent and transparent investigation” into Israel’s use of live ammunition to quell the rioting.
3773	In the U.S., typically charges a base rate of 4% on all transactions.
3774	In the wake of one of Europe’s greatest anti-fascist partisan led victory, the Greek resistance movement, backed by over 2 million partisans advanced toward the liberation of the capital city of Athens in October 1944.
3775	In the wide world of potential consumers there are different generational divides with baby boomers, generation X and generation Y – also known as millennials.
3776	In the world of colonial domination men and women 'are neither people, nor workers, but beast of burden' subjected to unending brutalisation and violence.
3777	In the world that they create, my body can look and act in ways that fuck with common notions of gender.
3778	In this case, there could be dozens to hundreds.
3779	In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3780	In this case, women will be the major victims.
3781	In this day and age, how many shuls can afford to turn away valuable donations?
3782	In this photo provided by Clark's Trading Post, William M. Farrand portrays the Wolfman for a young visitor to the White Mountains attraction.
3783	In this respect versatile Udayakantha Warnasuriya, Producer, Director, Script Writer and Author, filters to the top among a few Sri Lankan performers in the cinema industry in Sri Lanka.
3784	In this situation both parties are upping the ante by their actions.
3785	In this spirit, although we have tremendous opportunities in front of us, I would like to request all colleagues to put these recommendations into highly effective implementation with fruitful result for the sake of socio-economic development.
3786	In this Tuesday, Nov. 28, 2017, photograph, Charlie Craig and David Mullins are shown in their home in Denver.
3787	In this video, Donald Bolduc, the former commander of special operations in Africa, and Jack Murphy, an eight-year army special forces veteran, speak about the report.
3788	In this week's motion, which was granted, the district attorney's office swore out an affidavit that the evidence the judge was hearing was indeed about other exonerations, not Green's case.
3789	In this week’s Race/Related newsletter: Two natives of Puerto Rico share with us the most consequential decision in their lives.
3790	In those pre-war days, "there were swamps all around, including one behind Leon's current shop."
3791	In three innings, she gave up five runs (two earned) on four hits with three strikeouts and five walks.
3792	In total, finalists in 13 categories have been whittled down, with a 14th award, the Remarkable East Yorkshire Passion Award, being given on the night to the person considered to have made a significant contribution to tourism in the region.
3793	In Trail Saturday they responded with a 4-0 win over the Salmon Arm Silverbacks.
3794	Inul, who relies on singing songs made popular by dangdut performers like Rhoma Irama, claims to be a devout Muslim.
3795	In Union Twp., David Euton received 442 votes for trustee and Donald Osborne received 113 votes, Kevin Marshall received 150 votes and Angie Howell received 229 votes for Union Twp. fiscal officer.
3796	In Verandas, distinct architecture, plush execution and comfortable elegance are the biggest draw.
3797	Investigations by Mount Druitt Police into the robbery are continuing.
3798	Investigators noted Walk had the stolen license in her wallet and she turned it over to Agent Massaro.
3799	Investigators said many others fell victim to the scheme, totaling more than $2 million.
3800	Investigators say thieves targeted banks of mail boxes, especially those with flags up, indicatiing outgoing mail.
3801	Investigators were combing through hundreds of journals found in the home, Hestrin said.
3802	I often encounter individuals who do not know how their assets are invested.
3803	I only missed it by half a foot.
3804	I oppose this because I know, as a former federal prosecutor, that extending mandatory minimums to these offenses is poor law enforcement policy.
3805	I personally think blank spaces in the garden help set off ornamental plants.
3806	I plan on learning music production so that I can start producing my own beats and songs,” he said.
3807	I plan to identify underutilized properties and purchase them or do a public-private partnership, like I’m doing with the McDonalds on Lower Haight and Stanyan, where we will have 120 to 160 new units.
3808	“I posted it on Facebook and got 180 people in the first round of the course.
3809	I pray for the Arabs.
3810	I predicted what the Best Picture category would look like.
3811	I preferred the mongrel Abbott who pursued Pauline Hanson and had her jailed.
3812	IPUC will hold a public hearing on the proposal on Wednesday at Sandpoint High School, 410 S. Division Ave., and another on Thursday at the Midtown Meeting Center, 1505 N. Fifth St., Coeur d'Alene, at 6 p.m.
3813	I put it in my room it was quite large at this stage.
3814	I put myself in a situation just to try it out and see how I go.
3815	"Iran has always sought to reduce tensions in the region, trying to strengthen security and stability," Rouhani told Merkel in a telephone call, according to a statement on the website of Iran's presidency.
3816	Iran spends more than $12 billion annually on its military, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute.
3817	Iraq’s parliament passed a new law on Saturday barring Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki from a third term, as members of the country’s Sunni community staged mass protests against his leadership.
3818	“I read an article which made reference to us being late requesting a change,” he said, “we weren’t.
3819	I read the paper and was not surprised.
3820	I really dislike the way the Weekly says that judges will favor judges.
3821	I recently read a story by Sorcha Pollak in the Oct. 30 edition of The Irish Times detailing recommendations in the 2016 Michelin Eating Out in Pubs Guide.
3822	I regularly see them at their posts on the tops of cattails with the marshes still ice-covered.
3823	I remember my thoughts as I ate my sandwiches, drank my coffee brewed on a camping stove and watched my children play by the river in the balmy autumn sunshine; life, I felt at that moment, really doesn’t get any better.
3824	I remember one case early in her career when she was selected by the legal office to brief a University of California Regents subcommittee on some legal issue.
3825	Ironically, that deployment was set to conclude, and Stephen had called his parents just the day before the incident to let them know he would be coming home soon.
3826	Iron Man attended the Superhero Training Academy on Oct. 21 at the Evergreen Library.
3827	IRON RIVER—Did you feel the earth move?
3828	Iron use began in the 9th century and by 1,000 AD, coastal tribes practiced agriculture.
3829	I saw Becky at the church a couple of times and thought she looked familiar.
3830	I say the potential to benefit because anyone can pass two classes without getting much out of them.
3831	I see a huge pile of garbage in the mind, rising much higher than the garbage in Meethotamulla.
3832	I see it to be wrong to engange people who cant defend themselves.
3833	I see many of the stands are not as full as they are for the summer version.
3834	I see the faces of schoolchildren gunned down by a human avatar of evil with an AR-15.
3835	Isis, she says, has set forth two principal but contradictory goals, which it labels ‘options’.
3836	Is it any wonder that the mantra of our age has become, “Talk to the hand, coz the face ain’t listening?”
3837	Is it not trying to drive a wedge between MP’s and their constituents?
3838	Is it so hard to believe that for some of us the Latin Mass brings us closer to God?
3839	Is it the end of the natural world as we know it?
3840	“Islamophobia, discrimination, is not Catholic in any way,” she said.
3841	Islington BC prospect Slavisa Gegic won the under-64kg title at the British Universities & Colleges Sport (BUCS) Championships in Stoke-on-Trent.
3842	Is more desperation steppin in fuh de Mook.
3843	Isn't that what you call a group of cells that "decide" that you don't need all those other kinds of tissue; you can have every cell in your body be pulmonary lining!
3844	Is Powell Half-Full or Half-Empty?
3845	Is proportional representation the way forward?
3846	Israel and Turkey recently exchanged ambassadors as part of a reconciliation agreement signed by the two countries to normalize relations.
3847	Israeli Attorney General Avichai Mandelblit has said he would not defend it before the Supreme Court.
3848	Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman said that the barrier will weaken the strategic capabilities of Hamas in the coastal enclave.
3849	Israeli government hackers have been revealed to be behind the discovery of National Security Agency (NSA) tools on Russian anti-virus company Kaspersky’s network.
3850	Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejected the vote.
3851	Israel’s not in the World Cup, and none of the star players is Jewish.
3852	Issuing the order was Los Angeles Superior Court Judge John A. Torribio.
3853	“I started to tell him about my training and acting experience and he said, ‘No.
3854	Is that a government payment?
3855	Is the Obama Administration Playing Hardball on Health Care?
3856	Is this a life-or-death surgery?
3857	Is this a new era of renewal for the Arab world?
3858	Is This China-Based, Breakout IPO The New TAL Education?
3859	Is this the most ungrateful celebrity interview ever?
3860	“I still had a really low platelet count, so they warned me, don’t scratch because you’ll bleed, and bleed a lot.
3861	I strongly believe you will apply and adapt your knowledge and know-how into real work and adhere to ethical codes in the pursuit of self and social development.
3862	I suggested they play until the power came back.
3863	I suggest that men, esp. college boys, avoid collegiate females entirely and instead find sexual relief from cheap junkie hookers.
3864	“I suppose I’m supposed to ask if you have any more ‘leads,’ or whatever it is that you call it.”
3865	I suspect such is asking too much of McMullin.
3866	I suspect that he may also have a political agenda entrained in his thinking: Stimulus spending may help his political leader of choice by next November.
3867	“I switched over to acrylics and that’s where I found I could get really bright colours.”
3868	It aims to have 100 million users within five years, says Kathryn Gaw in Peer2Peer Finance News.
3869	I take your words on that.
3870	Italian gas company Eni announced earlier this month that it has begun operating its third production unit in the gas field.
3871	“It almost completely destroyed our culvert (in the Senator Gulch area),” Calkins said.
3872	It also comes with an easy start mechanism which makes it user friendly and since it comes with a reduced size, it will also work great for storage purpose as well.
3873	It also included Khalid Khalifa, UNHCR’s regional representative to the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC).
3874	It also offers a range of tools to aid in pest management, from a guide to herbicide classifications to an applicator nozzle and spray droplet classification to photo guides of common diseases, insects and weeds.
3875	It also provides one of the most enjoyable evenings on the St. Martin Parish events calendar.
3876	It appears Nina will have to find another way to dissolve her marriage because her husband won’t let go without a fight.
3877	It appears that the government may be trying to distance itself from being perceived as blessing the $16 billion deal that gave Walmart a 77 per cent stake in India's largest startup and the biggest e-commerce company-Flipkart.
3878	It appears the BLM’s legacy with the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument may be a new record for the greatest waste of money ever expended on a plan.
3879	It begs the question then: how sure are we that the conference will craft a national vision when EDA itself is not unified?
3880	“It breaks my heart.
3881	It came later."
3882	It can also be argued that recess provides an environment that encourages creative freedom.
3883	“It can be difficult in velvet to tell,” Lewis added.
3884	It can deliver great overall results which are recommended when you want to ensure that your recovery will also be on point.
3885	It can protect the player and their redshirt year, help gain a little bit of experience for the following year, and overall I think it’s a very good rule,” Stoops said when it was introduced last June.
3886	It celebrates the energy of young people and recognizes the contributions they make in their communities year-round.
3887	It certainly looks as if some dirty Naira bills changed hands here!
3888	It clearly says that mining an environment protection can develop in parallel.
3889	It comes to a point where the audience asks, “What can they do to fix it?”
3890	It commenced from 5pm to 6:30pm.
3891	It continues to be, for many families, one of the cheapest ways to vacation and enjoy the great outdoors.
3892	It could also open the door to rent strikes.
3893	It could be 65 or 70 per cent.
3894	"It could be that Australia is odd.
3895	It could have been a big channel cat, or perhaps a thick and powerful carp heading to spawn.
3896	It describes one of the worst nautical disasters of all time when, on her maiden voyage from Southampton to New York, the "unsinkable" ship collided with an iceberg.
3897	It didn’t take long for him to make big bucks, and he soon was wearing expensive clothes and hanging out at high-class night spots.
3898	It dispels the sexist notion that only men are destined for positions of authority!
3899	It does affect your life.
3900	It does involve cutting down on fraud, waste and needless bureaucracy and using the savings to extend coverage to all.
3901	It does not guarantee total transparency during the public-to-private transition.
3902	It doesn’t bother me to be called by my language in Eritrea (even if I suspect that it is another way of distancing the people from their kin south of the mereb).
3903	It doesn’t come from a system of work.
3904	“It doesn’t matter what political persuasion you may be, you can put yourself out there and give it a go,” she said.
3905	It doesn’t sound retro to me at all.
3906	It does seem like he will be given special treatment, hopeful I'm wrong since it says the matter is still under investigation.
3907	It does take a toll on your voice, so you end up not singing as much at home because you want to preserve your voice.
3908	It even has a medium-depth kind of diamond knurl that you don’t usually see in other products.
3909	It expected the first waves to hit shortly.
3910	It felt like a shift in culture.
3911	“It fills me with great concern that the United States is moving steadily further away from free and fair world trade.”
3912	It gathers its members together to celebrate the sacraments and all their life-giving reality.
3913	It gave me shivers; none of us wanted to confront the secret police, who many already believed were involved in Gongadze’s disappearance.
3914	It gives me a real sense of satisfaction to see my products sold in markets around the world - especially in Japan and Europe where the design culture is so advanced.
3915	It gives us the ability to provide increased coverage within the budget that our police levy provides.
3916	“It goes without saying that this unfriendly step of this group of countries will not pass without a trace and we will react to it,” the statement reads.
3917	It happened near the Faber's Road Extension where a gunman shot him in the head - straight through his motorcycle helmet.
3918	It has also strengthened extremists against moderates within the Islamic coalition and mobilized Somali sentiment against the United States and the new regime.
3919	It has always been the same.
3920	“It has become a passion project,” he says.
3921	“It has been a pretty good start for the team and myself.
3922	It has been a tremendous battle by countries to try to get space for their players to participate in the IPL.
3923	It has been called the “Indian Magna Carta.”
3924	It has been criticised for not doing enough to prevent fish caught illegally in other parts of the world from ending up on European dining tables.
3925	It has been so held by the Hon’ble Supreme Court in Bhagwan Dayal (since deceased) and thereafter his heirs and legal representatives Bansgopal Dubey & Anr.
3926	It has been widely criticised by rights groups and governments in the region.
3927	It has both the very high altitude and the very low geomagnetic cutoff, so that particles that reach the surface at Pole carry much more information about the shape of the spectrum at the top of the atmosphere than any other station on Earth,” he said.
3928	It has forced them (farmers) to rethink what they plant and maybe not plant what isn’t selling.”
3929	It has left many with a bent logic that needs most of the people of the world to be both incredibly stupid and dishonest and able to keep vast conspiracies a secret for years on end.
3930	It has not been by choice that this rural carrier is retiring.
3931	It has something to do with being a fugitive and exile.
3932	It heard horrific testimony during often emotionally exhausting hearings, with more than 15,000 survivors detailing their claims.
3933	It helps to have a great goalkeeper which Italy had in 2006 care of Gigi Buffon and Spain called upon to in the person of Iker Casillas four years later.
3934	“It highlights the injustices, corruption, impunity, political assassinations, land grabbing of the past 50 years.”
3935	I think by 2015 the new constitution will be there and that will also shore up anticipated period of calm and stability in our country.
3936	"I think drug legalization ends up harming people.
3937	I think EPRDF is doing a decent job governing right now in 2015.
3938	"I think Guelph is leading in that and I want my community to continue in job creation in a clean economy -- that's where growth is globally."
3939	I think Harry is really fortunate to have her as his new wife."
3940	“I think he brought something out in people,” Yves notes.
3941	I think he is able to take the tough go, but his sensitivities lie in empathy for others."
3942	"I think he is leading himself into that kind of position, where folks will begin to ask, 'What are we going to do?'
3943	I think he(Osama)is alive.
3944	“I think I can say work will start almost immediately on preparing the sites that are mentioned – preparing them for development because we have the funds to do that.”
3945	I think Islamically we believe, that nobody has seen Allah, even the angels, so they are a degree above us……….even in Bible there is a statement ….no one has seen God and lived…Exodus 33:20.
3946	"I think it's hideous in this day and age for a civilized population to be idolizing a man who made an attempt to exterminate a race of people," Paul said.
3947	I think it’s very consistent with the way he envisioned his own practice and development.
3948	I think it was an important moment in the history of the Palestinian struggle.
3949	I think many Higher Ed administrators are paid too much.
3950	“I think over the last three years I’ve been here, we have kind of gotten into a hole as the regular season ends,” Hyams said.
3951	… I think people should be allowed to love who they want to love, but I love women.’
3952	I think that message resonated with voters.”
3953	I think that the quality of the places has to do with the people and friends you meet there.
3954	I think the difference between HH and Sata with regard to reaction time to issues is that Sata is emotional and reacts immediately without thinking.
3955	"I think the government has rushed into the decision to ban private security firms without fully considering the consequences of such a move."
3956	“I think the juniors and seniors did a nice job of being receptive to new things,” Graham said.
3957	I think the membership process will take time but Georgia will become a member of NATO,” he stressed.
3958	“I think the perception of London as a city being unfriendly is wrong.
3959	I think these will be the first movers in a metals price rebound.
3960	I think the time limit makes sense given the context — that it makes sense to evaluate.
3961	‘I think this photo could be circa 1950?
3962	“I think this thing will really take off as the years go on.”
3963	I think we have it all planned out.
3964	“I think we have one of the largest groups that have agreed to participate,” Gray says.
3965	I think we missed the sale,” Dave said, turning to the calendar on the fridge.
3966	I think you are going too fast, why can’t we wait until everything is clear.”
3967	I think you know exactly what I mean.
3968	I thought it was beyond belief in terms of journalism.
3969	I thought P-Square said any endorsement deal must involve both of them during the Glo deal?
3970	I thought that we showed that we can play with anyone – if that sort of focus and execution that we had early is there.”
3971	It included interviews with many families, which found a majority (71.5 percent) of the families of Palestinian suicide bombers support “martyrdom operations against the Israeli occupation.”
3972	It included renowned author and hunter Meshach Browning.
3973	It is a discussion of the application of the law in some states of the country.
3974	It is a fact that Jannif FNU Chancellor and Rajesh USP VC are colluding and manipulating the outcome.
3975	It is a fact that more and more people have lost trust in government and have entertained doubts about the way “democracy” is run by the powers-that-be.
3976	It is a great advice, thank you.
3977	"It is a historic mistake by the US government, recognising and giving legitimacy to a terror network who are killing every single day Afghan civilians, women and children," Shukria Barakzai, a moderate female lawmaker told AFP.
3978	It is also a very emotional experience for walkers and crew at the 3-Day.
3979	It is also important to sell it with the price, which will cover your production expenses, and bring some profit for living and for development of your farm.
3980	It is also necessary to examine briefly other factors, namely, birth and death rates that play important role as drivers in population growth and landmass which Zorro and Fanda evoked in support of their argument.
3981	It is always so fascinating to watch toddlers and preschoolers swipe effortlessly and tap their tiny-stubby fingersthrough the touch-screens of smartphones and pads regardless of the brand or version.
3982	It is a matter of regret that you continue to commandeer all national institutions for narrow party political agenda.
3983	It is an admirable forum for soft power diplomacy."
3984	It is an elite resort package and it was officially opened for guests today.
3985	It is an opportunity to debate the America we want to be in the 21st century - and summon Americans of every political persuasion to a rigorous examination of the choices we must make together in the challenging years ahead.
3986	It is a real PARK surrounded by office buildings.
3987	It is a relentless picture and one too easily forgotten by politicians in their Paris salons.
3988	It is a research study done in Europe which has been reported in The British Medical Journal (BMJ).
3989	It is argued that consumers universally tend to lose when duties are raised.
3990	It is a significant promotion for Javid, who was previously the Secretary of State for Communities, Local Government and Housing.
3991	It is a sincere dialogue between man and God and should concretise itself in our personal daily reflections.
3992	It is a small coffeeshop with a very homely atmosphere.
3993	“It is a technical issue which will have to be addressed by the Ministry of Commerce and home affairs.”
3994	It is called Safe 2 Save, you simply download from your respective app store, create a user account, and simply earn points for not texting while driving.
3995	It is called "taquiyya", and you have 2 trojan horses doing exactly that to you.
3996	It is common for us to receive and send messages during the day via popular means using technology including Facebook, WhatsApp and WeChat.
3997	It is considered the country's most important holiday.
3998	It is designed to deter an attack, survive an initial strike, retaliate against an aggressor, and force a diplomatic solution to hostilities while avoiding any concessions that challenge its core interests.”
3999	It is easy to invest in places, the difficulty is how you take the money out, how you crystalize investment.
4000	It is easy to judge people on income but you don’t know where they have been.
4001	It is estimated that reggae sales in the US between 19922 and 1993 were US$270 million dollars.
4002	It is expected to accommodate about 128 students of the Faculties of Clinical Sciences and Basic Medical Sciences.
4003	It is fitting that it is the support of the telecommunications industry which means that we can offer support to people who are struggling to cope at any time of the day or night at no cost to the caller.”
4004	It is for non-Jewish college students — 10 days at the oasis.
4005	It is gentle and peaceful, yet moving swiftly.
4006	It is good that the pastor acknowledged and recognized that his comments were inflammatory and apologised to his Sierra Leonean Muslim “brothers and sisters.”
4007	It is Griezmann’s first major title with Atletico, and a fitting way to bow out if he leaves at the season’s end, with Barcelona tipped as his next destination.
4008	It is hoped that this is intended to consolidate the various splintered bodies into one viable Agency.
4009	Also you should read an essay which I sent.
4010	It is important to remember that horses were needed to pull the heavy artillery.
4011	“It is in your hands whether democracy will remain, or if we will go back to abuses and lack of justice,” Aquino also told the PMA graduates.
4012	It is just plainly irresponsible for any Government, to even suggest, never mind to permit drug use in religious gatherings, where young people are likely to be found.
4013	It is just such attitude that has encouraged Pakistan in its intransigence and wily duplicity.
4014	"It is known that when launching a catapult, it is impossible to differentiate between those who are immune and others.
4015	It is like reproaching the prosecutors of a presumed serial killer for only, so far, indicting him for a third of the murders in which he is the prime suspect.
4016	It is making deeper inroads with the all pervading Hindu nationalism.
4017	It is nine years since he passed away on 3rd February 2003, the day before Independence and barely two weeks before his birthday.
4018	It is not as sad when a politician raises 42M$ for a campaign for 30 days and you participate in the fete.
4019	It is not doing it with a poster or a radio spot, but with the most persuasive means out there – the voices of survivors and the family members of missing migrants.”
4020	It is not helpful to have a reputation for high prices and indifferent, or unprofessional service delivery.
4021	It is not in good in shape at all,” said a gold trader.
4022	It is not only well-known for its gold, diamond and other precious mineral deposits, but for its majestic mountains, being part of the Pakaraima range along the Guiana Highlands, its hundreds of miles of jungle, and its cold nights and steamy days.
4023	It is not ready to carry out the necessary measures.
4024	It isn’t a huge time commitment but it does require regular maintenance.
4025	It isn’t always necessary to go overseas to have a global outlook: participating in a local service learning project with recent immigrants, for example, can foster empathy for others and a grasp of the international forces at play in people’s lives.
4026	It is only 300 yards from the Highway.
4027	It is past behaviors my friend.
4028	It is possible this organ will grace Cathedral with beautiful music for generations to come.
4029	It is really starting to bother me.
4030	It is said that UCC is required by the Constitution itself as a directive principle.
4031	It is so bad that traveling from Ndu to Nkambe on the Ring Road needs two days whereas it is less than 40 kilometers.
4032	It is still the supplier of last resort for those unable to get a broadband line and depending on dial-up service.
4033	It is the first major broker to offer an automated valuation feature to compete with Zillow’s “Zestimate,” and founder Bill Raveis says his brokerage’s offering easily outclasses the portals’.
4034	It is the first time that so many vehicles have been produced so quickly in Ryton’s history.
4035	It is the place for exhibitions, lectures, screenings and seminars.
4036	It is therefore crucial that trade marks are used and that proof of such use is kept just in case it is needed to fend off a non-use cancellation application.
4037	It is the same all over.
4038	It is the students who always create a turning point for the future of the country.
4039	It is they who are keeping us in what you see as an unacceptable colonial situation.
4040	It is this problem that really weighed down the course of the main overarching narrative of this season.
4041	It is through person-to-person discussions and dialogues that they tackle their problems, manage their community affairs, and get things done.
4042	It is unclear at this time how many vehicles were involved in the crash or how it occurred.
4043	It is unfair that we aren’t not given this same courtesy/ opportunity.”
4044	It is unknown if the people detained are connected to the shooting.
4045	It is unlikely he will be able to make the US substantially less sustainable.
4046	“It is very important that we play one match at a time from here on out.
4047	It is very upsetting for us that someone has stolen a large box of golf balls on sale outside our San Blas shop in San Blas, Golf del Sur.
4048	It is with immense gratitude to these past generations that the parish celebrates their 150th anniversary.
4049	It is worth mentioning that Jordan's security services did not try to suppress or confront this week's protests, indicating tacit support.
4050	It just didn’t happen this time.
4051	It keeps it new for them and despite the amount of time they’ve spent working at their careers, every show is a different beast to try and tame.
4052	“It keeps us where we wanted to be.
4053	It’ll be next year.
4054	It looks like he turned off his cell phone.”
4055	It made huge news in 2011 when Patrick Menzies was accused of trying to run over a GSU officer and a female companion outside a nightclub.
4056	It makes me proud because all the snooker players had this thing dangling over their heads from the past that snooker was the sign of a misspent youth.
4057	It means alot and thank you for being there for our Mike.
4058	It might take a few extra weeks for your pet to get the hang of being toilet trained, but it will certainly be worth it in the long run.
4059	It never gets tired going to State.
4060	"It never meant the case was over and we'd given up.
4061	It not only provides us with warmth and light.
4062	It now serves as the fellowship hall.
4063	It offers a function room and gardens.
4064	“I told Derrick (Gullett) that was going to happen,” Burns said.
4065	"I told him that I don't work at the store, and he turned around and disappeared."
4066	It only lasts 3 minutes, but it makes the screen far easier to read than an OLED outdoors.
4067	I took a quick scan left-right for my nosey office buds, I took another quickie left-right for our blinking office cams.
4068	I took the opportunity to meet with apprentices, as well as regular staff, and it’s clear those apprentices are receiving a high calibre of training and workplace experience.
4069	It points out that a large increase in arrivals from Canada and a smaller increase from Europe were insufficient to make up for the decline from the USA.
4070	It probably won’t win any academy awards, but Tate will take the win.
4071	It provides the region’s growing creative and advertising industry with a platform to network and exchange ideas, bringing together some of the finest creative thinkers from across the region and around the world.
4072	It puts the Warriors on a historic plateau, up there with—or even up above—the 1996 Bulls, the 1997 Bulls (69-13) and the 1972 Lakers (69-13).
4073	“It really feeds into the fact that Canada has the highest rate of MS in the entire world.”
4074	It really takes me out of my comfort zone.
4075	I truly hope that your year is filled with blessings in 2018!
4076	I try to match Teramura’s rhythm and remember the parts of each stroke.
4077	“It’s about action, it’s about resources, it’s about an intersectional feminist vision.”
4078	It’s about everyone of all ages and abilities having that sense of being welcome and invited, but also having the ability to participate in it.
4079	It's about growing and learning.
4080	“It’s a fantastic honor to be inducted to the Hall of Fame.
4081	“It’s a good feeling to know that you’re a small part of a big thing,“ she says.
4082	It’s a good tip for personal life, too.
4083	It’s a great event, it’s Tim Horton’s Camp Day – it’s one of their biggest charity events, and they donate 100 per cent of the proceeds.
4084	“It’s a great turnout, better than expected,” he said.
4085	It's a high-class problem.
4086	It’s a huge month, it’s something I have been looking forward to for a while.
4087	It’s a kids favorite; but, let’s be honest, even adults enjoy it.
4088	It’s all about backgrounds, that’s why Augusta is different, you don’t have to worry about the background because you know it’s going to be clean.
4089	It’s all a mind game.
4090	“It’s a lot better than doing some internal fundraiser, doing something that is campus-wide.”
4091	It's already a deep room.
4092	It’s also a good way of life.
4093	It’s also full of salsa dancing and is widely known for its killer mojitos.
4094	It’s an art gallery, but it’s also a restaurant with a revolving menu that’s thematically connected to exhibits.
4095	“It’s a neighborhood that is maybe a little low income — lot of our people, they don’t have a car, they use the bus — and we have been so busy the last few years, not having enough room to do things that we’d like to do.
4096	“It’s a new city so it’s very modern and competitive.
4097	It’s an honour to be a part of such an inspiring culture and at ‘Walk the Talk’, this feeling was only reinforced.
4098	“It’s an honour to have RiverBlue recognized at such an important global gathering about water,” said Angelo, “and a key message of the film is the need to better care for waterways around the world.”
4099	“It’s a pretty dangerous, heavy, intensive operation.”
4100	“It’s a profound honor for me to accept this award and pay tribute to our partnership with Heart to Heart International,” Rosen said.
4101	It’s a proud tradition.
4102	“It’s a really simple operation to run.
4103	“It’s a real privilege to be given this and this is really going to inspire us going forward.”
4104	"It’s a region, a whole collection of towns, villages and neighborhoods," he says, promising that MPM is going to be a leader in facilitating regional dialogue.
4105	It's a story I'll never forget by an author I'll also never forget.
4106	It’s a trait that exists somewhere within your psyche — you just need to stimulate it a little.
4107	It’s a triple whammy for pensioners.
4108	It's a true passion for learning, both in her own edification and that of her students, that Periser says motivates her most.
4109	“It’s a very fine line,” Hollingsworth says.
4110	It’s a way they can give back and a way they can inspire kids to play high school sports in the future.
4111	It’s a year-round greenhouse and conservatory that can make the darkest, coldest day of winter feel like a trip to Fiji.
4112	“It’s been designed to benefit the elite and to continue strangling the poor,” said economist Camille Charlemers.
4113	“It’s been on our radar for at least two years,” Ben Burke, District 6 Traffic Engineer for the Idaho Transportation Department, told KID Newsradio.
4114	It's called Floam and it's a fairly new toy on store shelves that several of you wanted me to try before you go out and buy it.
4115	It's cathartic and mentally therapeutic for someone to experience extreme emotions like crying in a movie or hysterically laughing.
4116	Its central point, however, is simple: Jesus was God, not merely a moralist or a political revolutionary or a social reformer.
4117	It's certainly a tragedy," Starry said.
4118	"It's changed very little, actually.
4119	It’s cold outside, so bring your family and friends and join the fun in this special winter edition of Bingo for Books!
4120	“It’s coming along slowly but surely.”
4121	It's constructed of straw-bale, earth-plastered clay, and sand and lime plaster.
4122	It's "currently exploring" a company voluntary arrangement, which would let it close loss-making stores and secure discounts on rents.
4123	It’s difficult to ‘account’ the relative damages done to Syria and Iraq now, Kyle.
4124	It seeks to do so by establishing a Code of Conduct, for breach of which "persons in public life" are severely penalized.
4125	It seemed like you couldn’t get anything done — at least on time, anyway.
4126	“It seems counterproductive to harvest food in the valley just to take it to Halifax for FEED Nova Scotia to redistribute it in the Valley” says Clowes.
4127	'It seems Netanyahu wants early elections'
4128	It seems Persky only considered the testimony of Turner--not of the eyewitnesses, not the evidence collected.
4129	It’s either he is subsidizing the truth or he is just refusing to remember the SAP.
4130	“It’s exciting when someone walks in looking for that one special item and we have it in.” said Rothrock.
4131	It’s for the people of Bangladesh to take a call on this.”
4132	It’s funny to go to a casino in your own town—it feels like something you’re only supposed to do when you’re on vacation.
4133	It’s funny, too, given the title of one of his few books, You Can’t Go Home Again.
4134	It’s garnished with a cherry and a lime wedge.
4135	It's getting as absurd to regard this as a mere blog as it would be the HuffPo.
4136	“It’s gone from what we would have considered very open neo-Nazis and skinheads and KKK marching, to now people that look like our neighbors, our doctors, our teachers, our mechanics.”
4137	“It’s gonna be an absolute blast.
4138	It’s hard for me to ask for things from people,” Baird said.
4139	It's hard to enforce.
4140	It's hard to guess whom Morawiecki was referring to.
4141	It's hard to see how a similar conclusion cannot be reached when examining the Oil and Gas Commission’s compliance and enforcement efforts.
4142	It's held on the first Sunday following the first full moon after the northern spring equinox.
4143	It's highly unlikely North Korea would attempt a similar attack now, experts say.
4144	It should not be solved by the legislators.”
4145	It shouldn't be crammed in a budget so that it can more easily become law.
4146	It should take four months to complete but is not expected to cause any major traffic delays.
4147	It shows that Iran has its interests to build the railway track.
4148	It’s immediately apparent that this is a place where plants and crops, livestock and wildlife flourish in harmony.
4149	“It’s important to acknowledge these small tribes and all these languages that you wouldn’t even know about because there are not many Natives on campus,” Ortiz-Frank said.
4150	It’s important to note that there are children who do feel they’ve been born in the wrong body, who long for different anatomy, a different pronoun.
4151	It’s important to remember this when one considers how much fascism was seen as a reactionary response to the appeal of socialism and communism to the rebellious working class in Europe.
4152	It’s impressionistic folk art,” laughs Dixon.
4153	It’s inside out, not outside in, and that is part of what makes the films richer and not polemical.
4154	It's in the very home where Mr. Goldson once lived!
4155	It’s just as well that I do given the article regarding the airport expansion was given so little coverage in your previous issue!
4156	It’s just more of the companionship.”
4157	“It’s just nice to know they’re back.”
4158	“It's kind of something they want to show their kids and grandkids.”
4159	Its lack of movable footrest means you get the advantage of being able to lie back without the extra space and weight which tends to come with a full head and foot recliner.
4160	“It’s like he’s in a prison cell, but a prison cell with the internet.
4161	It’s like the African proverb, he adds, “One tree falling down makes more noise than the growing forest.”
4162	“It’s literally an extra season,” he said.
4163	Its main purpose was to irrigate the large flower farm, which also exports macadamian nuts, coffee, fruits and other crops.
4164	It’s Messi’s own fault.
4165	Its net income was $1.147 billion, compared with $1.125 billion in 2013.
4166	“It’s no longer a Seattle problem, it’s our problem,” Sullivan said.
4167	It's not a get-rich-quick scheme, that's for sure.
4168	It’s not an easy job and I respect the juggling act that has to happen in order to have any outcomes at all.
4169	It’s not a ‘normal’ break in.
4170	It’s not as bad as the hurdles other kids are facing, and it’s a hurdle people overcome unscarred and content.
4171	It’s not a silver bullet, but rather like a spider trailing threads across two trees.
4172	It’s not as though anyone expected Liberal HQ to be packed, but the venue space for when supporters do arrive appears to be small enough that someone tall enough could count the exact tally one by one.
4173	It’s not created by a public body, by the government.
4174	It's not difficult to obtain the material for a genetic analysis," he added.
4175	It's not easy turning an old, used bookstore into a new, modern restaurant, but is apparently up to the task.
4176	It’s not enough to just drill a test hole and rely on ice thickness, alone, Frates said.
4177	It’s not every day hiking around the Transantarctic Mountains that one stumbles upon a piece of granite that’s 1.4 billion years old.
4178	It's not getting any cheaper to rent in Minneapolis, but…
4179	It’s nothing but parliamentary trickery and I think anyone who is a sophisticated voter knows that.
4180	It’s noticeable how peaceful metal crowds are.
4181	Its no wonder that the West which is always so eager to support the Zionist state is under a curse and under going a tremendous decline.
4182	It solely writes purchase contracts for electricity.
4183	It’s one of Mitsubishi’s more successful models here.
4184	“It’s one of the first ones of its kind in Canada where we created an economic zone, which is where the jobs will be for the next 20 years.
4185	“It’s only one second off my PR.”
4186	Its only purpose had been to reveal we had a genetic sin problem we couldn’t solve, which would lead us to Messiah.
4187	It’s open to male NHGA members.
4188	It sparked my interest as both a DJ and music director.”
4189	It’s past time to stop wasting taxpayers money on corrupt East St. Louis scum.
4190	Its presence everywhere is one of its unique characteristics.
4191	It’s probably time to roll dice.
4192	It's pro-refugee Mayor has declared a moratorium on any more foreigners coming to join the 5,700 who have already arrived.
4193	It’s really special when you can go at the same time as your team,” said Schmall.
4194	It’s really tough to belong to a country where young people are not supposed to get rich anyhow.
4195	It’s ridiculous how motivating a mild electric shock can be.
4196	“It’s ridiculous when you look at it, but it’s a source of happiness for the children.
4197	"It's something the Catholic Church does very well," the bishop said.
4198	It's still cheap stuff made in China.
4199	It's such a rush!
4200	It started with a comprehensive core banking upgrade to the latest state-of-the-art version 10x, to allows the bank to open up its API’s to the external fintech ecosystem and also support open banking.
4201	It stems from the idea that the real world is not changed through pure “academic” reflections but basically through the activities of social actors.
4202	"It's the biggest thing we have like this since Sex and the City," commented Century Cinemas owner Mark Doherty.
4203	It’s the combined view of the CM.
4204	It’s the fall edition of the Cities Wine Tasting presented by MGM.
4205	“Its’ the need of the hour to sensitise peace committees in all sensitive areas and empower them to prevent any untoward incidents,” said Deepak a member of a peace committee.
4206	It’s the one quadrant of our city that looks like it got left in 1965.”
4207	It’s the people who count the votes,” has been attributed to the infamous soviet-era dictator, Joseph Stalin, a premise Christine Pelosi, daughter of Speaker Nancy Pelosi, agrees with.
4208	It’s the same homecoming of sorts for visiting Kenyan Indians who will take great pride in discussing this presidential safari.
4209	It's the sound of a typical lunch rush at Blue Willy's Barbecue, where the cashier barks out orders as she works the interminable line behind the restaurant's butcher-style counter.
4210	It’s time to be equipped for battle, armed and dangerous to the kingdom of darkness (Get John Ramirez Book pg 9).
4211	It’s too bad those brains haven’t yet come out with “Star Trek” transporters (Elon Musk probably has one but won’t share.
4212	It's typically said that "Muslims have been insulted" without any consideration that there undoubtedly is a significant constituency of Muslims who don't care what publishes at all, and hence have no objections.
4213	It suggests that the problem only extends to the current, hard-right, government of Israel.
4214	It's unbelievable how far they've come, winning bowl games and being ranked in the top 10. I'm happy for the guys on that team who are doing well and for all the coaches.
4215	It’s unfair, inhumane, and, at the end of the day, indefensible.
4216	“It’s what’s called Monkido Ariel Adventure, it’s part of a Wild Play franchise park and they make various products including high speed zips, low speed zips, and swings.”
4217	It’s when others follow, and others are following in President Trump’s footsteps," he said, telling the crowd that Guatemala and would both move their embassies later this week.
4218	It taught me how to think broadly and conceptually and reminded me of how fun reading can be."
4219	It teaches people to believe that Christ did not die on the cross and rise again from the dead for them, personally.
4220	It tells how a group of art students and activists became an important part of the Indonesian contemporary art scene.
4221	It took about three minutes, but the referees called over Moren and Spartan Coach Suzy Merchant to tell them the news.
4222	It took a lot of days to shoot the scene where I was shot by Bruce Willis.
4223	“It took a while to recoup – me and my twin brother came back on the farm that first year and we basically just put a crop in – that was the main aim of the game for that year.
4224	It took two austral summer to complete conservation work at Discovery Hut, the smallest of the three expedition bases built in the early 20th century.
4225	“It truly exemplifies how people care about others, particularly those sometimes overlooked or ignored by society,” he said.
4226	It updated on Thursday the previous day's count of 99 victims after ten more bodies were delivered to local morgues, according to a statement on Twitter.
4227	It warms my heart, because I feel like we’ve achieved what we wanted all these years.
4228	It was a dream-like moment for many in the big crowd who have been made to believe over the years that there is bad blood between Tuku and Mukanya.
4229	It was a full house at AVenue for the St Aidan's kitchen fundraiser.
4230	It was a full house with the management of ICM and other notable dignitaries in attendance.
4231	It was almost completely destroyed after German armies attacked Russia in 1941, quickly conquering Lithuania.
4232	It was also an act of political leadership.
4233	It was a major focal point for many young people, a significant number of whom booked holidays on the island because of its famed atmosphere.
4234	It was among three companies presenting design proposals Wednesday, Nov. 2. The others were Ayars & Ayars Inc. and Kingery Construction Co.
4235	It was amusing.
4236	It was an exquisite strike but Saints were not happy with their lot and continued to attack.
4237	It was a nice break.
4238	It was an important first step in bringing young peoples’ ideas to the table.
4239	It was a really interesting book.
4240	It was cold and angular and exclusive, and it made even the most passionate paintings and sculpture feel cold and angular and exclusive, too.
4241	It was covered by, among others, left-populist folk singer Phil Ochs, who (intended irony aside) gave it surprising soulful depths.
4242	It was deemed a shrine in 1999.
4243	It was deep and beautiful as long as no travel plans were involved.
4244	"It was designed to be a functional industrial garage.
4245	It was enough to overcome millions of dollars in spending promises by the Coalition, backed by appearances from current and former PMs.
4246	It was exhausting, but interesting and satisfying.
4247	It was exhausting, they say, to continually see the NFL come down easy on players guilty of committing violence against women.
4248	“It was exhausting trying to keep up with the never sleeping and the lying and everything else that comes with addiction,” she said.
4249	It was expected that Mourinho would show Mata the door once again when he took charge at Old Trafford earlier this summer.
4250	It was full pomp and circumstance today at the B.D.F.’s Price Barracks Compound, as the best and the brightest of its new recruits were recognized.
4251	"It was good speedway and, unfortunately, Jack couldn't quite work his way through.
4252	It was great getting into the Europa League through the Welsh Cup, but this is very special.”
4253	It was hard for her to even spend those 10 minutes in solitude, with task upon task coming to mind of what she should be doing instead.
4254	It was here, in 1917, that "La Cumparista" -- the most famous tango tune of all time -- was composed.
4255	It was here that Smith dropped off the guns, money and ammunition, according to Saxon.
4256	It was initially scheduled to start on 19 August 2015, which coincided with Afghanistan’s Independence Day.
4257	It was in the 1980s and by now, a new style of music was making its presence known among the youth.
4258	It was like a beautiful lush purple carpet that had just been vacuumed.
4259	It was Mary Serafino and Grace Snyder, two eighth-graders who took a shortcut through the auditorium, who spotted flames.
4260	It was Morris who had identified McKinley’s body.
4261	It was my job to gather up the rows of sheaves the reapers left behind, load them up on the mules and transport them to the threshing floor--not a light job, either.
4262	"It was my life goal to make it back here," he said.
4263	It was never adopted and remained in limbo.
4264	It was nice talking to you in this Blog.
4265	It was not only an important game because it was against Cameron’s archrival, but it was the last time for the seniors to suit up at home.
4266	“It was not particularly appealing property for construction.”
4267	It wasn’t due to a lack of inspiration, really, but a lack of time.
4268	It wasn't just the allegations that Pitcher had, for years, sexually harassed and engaged in inappropriate sexual relationships with subordinates.
4269	“It wasn’t the case that we were playing to get out of class, there was a genuine passion and belief in the school team.
4270	It wasn’t the first time: the board had already approved nine seismic surveying programs in Baffin Bay and Davis Strait since 2001.
4271	It wasn't until four days before the event that the AIBA granted Shin a special permission to compete in Venezuela.
4272	It was one of those moments of nature that sticks with you.
4273	“It was one of those moments where things just click.
4274	It was quite controversial in its day, but today it's just good theater.
4275	“It was really, really cramped down here before,” Natalie says.
4276	It was seven years old and as slow as a turtle.
4277	It was simple and simply delicious, and a great twist on the traditional sandwich.
4278	It was smart in a business sense but something didn’t sit right with Brickner’s principles.
4279	“It was the coolest thing ever.”
4280	It was the grand opening of Top Bun – a new hamburger joint - in Lindenhurst Village.
4281	It was the kind of meeting you know will haunt you the rest of your career, however long or short that may be.
4282	It was the kind of place with only a few last names, a bustling hockey team, and a kid who drove a combine to school to prove a point.
4283	It was the middle of the winter.
4284	It was then I discovered that I'd been funding Joseph's habit.
4285	It was then the Soldiers needed to remember what they’d learned in phase one and apply it to their current situation.
4286	It was there that he obtained a B.A. degree cum laude.
4287	It was the same trip my grandparents made, and I know that it takes guts to leave behind everything you know and love to begin again in a strange place.
4288	It was the seniors who carried the team on that day, as Megan Doyen, Geneva Lloyd and Kaitlyn McInnis all got in on the scoring action.
4289	It was the sixth time in nine meetings that Barkley has finished ahead of Mach One Rules.
4290	It was the third bodysnatching case in recent months, fueled by differing funeral practices among European New Zealanders and indigenous Maori who have intermarried.
4291	"It was tough, but that was her reality."
4292	It will also help to know the number that disappeared, how, when even where they disappeared to,” he said.
4293	It will be delivered alongside phase two, and is due to be completed by December 2019.
4294	It will be good to cooperate with them when they get to your home.
4295	It will be located on a Pacific beachfront site in the 4,000-acre Hacienda Pinilla Beach Resort and residential community development that also contains an existing 18-hole golf course, an equestrian center, tennis courts, villas and beach houses.
4296	It will be my family, because they're the most important part of my life.
4297	It will be the only full group practice until the weekend of the event, when there will be a chance to practice before the day.
4298	“It will be up to this advisory committee to really help figure out which direction things will go,” Jones explained.
4299	It will focus on the Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) sector, specifically “nearshore outsourcing” which involves contracting the operations of specific business processes to third-party service providers in neighbouring or nearby countries.
4300	It will manage any bubble bursting well.
4301	“It will never be a place where you see people sitting the sidelines, wishing to join in,” said Keller during her remarks.
4302	It will stop the NHS being treated like a political football — but only by puncturing the ball and cutting it into pieces.
4303	It will take more than charity.
4304	It won Netanyahu’s backing.
4305	It won't be easy.
4306	“It won’t be full-service,” he said.
4307	It won't take your life, literally, but it will take your life, emotionally.
4308	It would be fantastic if we didn't have to spend Mr Packer's money on these things," he said.
4309	It would best be described as creative destruction.
4310	It would, if it ever happened, require the addition of literally hundreds of new lawyers to the Justice Department, with more than 1,000 supporting personnel.
4311	I typically follow those types of lunches with a nap.
4312	I understand you had what in basketball terms would be called a real buzzer beater—that last-minute score that lets you go to the championship.
4313	I urge all the indian community to pursue a legal action against Microsoft or its products.
4314	… I used any breaks I had, any passing periods to write the essays and get it in on time,” said Hossain.
4315	Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner worth up to $740 million, part of an ultra-wealthy White House staffFinancial disclosures released by the White House show the complex investments held by many of President Trump's closest aides.
4316	I’ve always loved apples.
4317	“I’ve always loved dogs, in fact animals in general and I love grooming them,” Ms Jones said.
4318	“I’ve always said that when people doubt me I want to prove them wrong whether it’s at a young age or now, that’s just my mindset, something in me since a young age.
4319	I've been mixing with them for years, and hope I can offer some interesting insight with an insanely-gripping fictional twist!"
4320	"I've been trying to make something happen in Pittsfield for over 15 years."
4321	I’ve been undressing you with my eyes all night long, and I think it’s time to see If I’m right.
4322	“I’ve done the hard bit, now I’m just sitting around looking forward to the fight.
4323	“I’ve enjoyed outdoor sunrise services at churches I’ve served for the last 18 years,” says Maeser.
4324	I've experienced counter service, full service, and a baffling combination of the two over my visits.
4325	I've felt worse after fights before."
4326	“I've had the opportunity to receive Communion with a patient, and it was really cool.
4327	I've had two nineteen-year old boys of my own living with me and I still don't know what in the world they were thinking!
4328	I've heard Mooryaans boast the number of people they had killed during the day, and robbed their real estate properties, and raped their womenfolk in the process.
4329	I've heard of it, I just never thought I would be playing in it, you know what I mean.
4330	“I’ve hooked up phones to tree stumps,” he says.
4331	“I’ve just always loved basketball more than football, and I’ve always wanted to play college basketball,” he said after signing his letter of intent Friday.
4332	I've just got to roll it up close and two putts and that will do us.
4333	“I’ve known Ray for a while.
4334	"I've learnt to step up in training – don't be nervous or scared to make yourself known, have a presence about yourself," he said.
4335	I’ve long said most people don’t follow politics enough.
4336	I’ve missed a lot of work, missed several newspaper interviews, missed two days of the state Class B basketball tournament and some days, couldn’t get out of bed.
4337	“I’ve never had anything that Eric has made that wasn’t delicious,” says Wieggel.
4338	I’ve never had to go out there and pull a kid off the court.”
4339	I've never seen a chef who takes the childlike delight of burning things and applies it to fine dining.
4340	I've stopped asking, 'Why?'
4341	I vividly remember her coaxing me to the class for anything I wanted from the shop.
4342	Ivonne Salbon, a local farmer, isn’t that worried about the future.
4343	I wanted to see what is happening in those buildings.
4344	“I want it to be restarted as soon as possible.”
4345	“I want to go into the sports marketing field, that’s something I’ve always thought about doing,” Rogers said.
4346	I want to say a very big sorry to everyone who dropped a comment yesterday.
4347	“I want to say to anyone who was victimized by the attorney general and has not yet come forward, please do come forward to the NYPD,” de Blasio said.
4348	“I want to thank all of the community-minded people who helped make the group’s shed dream a reality,” he said.
4349	‘I want to thank my family and everybody for all your love, support and prayers.
4350	I was also told that I must come to the TV Building every day.
4351	“I was completely blown away by the amount of people that showed up and the amount of people that got on stage and performed,” said Dawson.
4352	“I was delighted for the Bairnsdale bakery to have Patties Foods announced at the conference as a winner.
4353	I was distributing leaflets in the Kurunegala city center on 12th August - on the same that UNP had its main rally.
4354	I was drawn to political science because I am fed up with the way things work.
4355	“I was inspired just reading their resumes,” said 2015 honoree Abby Black, vice president, Treasure Valley team leader and owner of TitleOne Corp.
4356	“I was just thinking ‘be early to the fastball,’” Stotler said.
4357	I was less enthralled with it than he was.”
4358	I was like, ‘Wait a minute.
4359	“I was one of the first stores,” he told Downtown Express during a visit to his other shop, Stanley’s Cobbler Shop, at 11 Thames St. in the Financial District.
4360	“I was outside my house but my 11-year-old daughter and my wife were inside.
4361	I was skeptical of the "Sam's going to S-H-A-K-E Up City Hall" given how long he'd worked there, but it was a genius anti-incumbency campaign by someone who'd worked for the incumbent mayor!
4362	"I was so confident about him being our fullback," Blues and Roosters captain Boyd Cordner said.
4363	I was so happy and excited when I won the position of Richmond Campus Representative in October.
4364	"I was taken to a detention centre and put into a cell."
4365	… I was told that wife of Kem Lei led a demonstration against me.
4366	I was traveling deep into the rural communities of Morocco’s Atlas Mountains, and so I’d expected to get a little dusty.
4367	I was working here very, very hard, but my personal life was a little bit in shambles, you might say.
4368	I watch the sunrise and the sunset everyday.
4369	“I went at him, like, you better get away.
4370	I went to jail and continued using.
4371	I will fight a million battles.
4372	I will, he fears, have far reaching repercussions and constitutes a violation of fundamental human rights and of the prerogatives of parliament.
4373	I will never see this type of pay in my lifetime no matter how lucky I am or how hard I work.
4374	“I will tell them if there’s anybody running from fire, because they are not sure what the building is made of, because of all the pack of lies, just let them go out.
4375	I will tell you another secret, Lenny can not stand the train horns, he hears them from his house.
4376	I will tell you it is such a pain to go through that process.
4377	I will try again and hopefully it will happen".
4378	“I wish I could, honestly, I do want to talk about it.
4379	I wish I were more confident.
4380	I wish the best for Shahed and his family.”
4381	I wish you all the best, and know that I will still work hard to do what I have been elected to do, and follow my person beliefs in the purpose and commitments of unionism.
4382	I won't know where anything is in the sacristy or the ushers' room or the kitchen.
4383	I would argue that to honour such work is to suspend our ability to engage in more meaningful and civil dialogue that is based on higher ideals in favour of cheap and racist stereotyping.
4384	"I would be more frustrated if we didn't have anything at all," Democratic Sen. Linda Chesterfield said.
4385	"I would just like to get our voters more educated, get them to understand the process to be more empowered."
4386	"I would like to do a South Pole marathon.
4387	I would like to see stricter, case-specific reasons (for granting anonymity) based on actual, real and substantiated concerns rather than a feeling that they might be some form of unidentified risk to an officer’s safety.’
4388	“I would like to urge the youth to stop using the internet to post obscene content.
4389	“I would love it if tipping never was invented and no one tipped … I wish we could change society.
4390	"I would love to travel," said Phan, who is moving to California with his wife to be close to their three grown children and their grandchildren.
4391	I wouldn’t drink on the job,” he said.
4392	I would say that is implied in Earl's comment: "My focus for the next 50 months will continue to center on rebuilding and renewing America, as a vehicle for political reform, economic recovery, and environmental protection."
4393	"I yelled at them to call 911," McAllister said.
4394	Jackie Branch (right) a newly elected board member from Williamson, agreed with Duty that the state operated system is spending money "like a drunken sailor," including salaries they feel are out of line.
4395	Jack is survived by three sons, Larry Joe Wheeler and Rockey Callahan, both of Darbydale, Ohio, and Jack Callahan Jr. of Mt. Vernon, Ohio; one daughter, Christine Wheeler of Columbus, Ohio; and two grandchildren.
4396	Jackson credits Bezos for the board’s adoption last month to seek “a slate of diverse candidates, including women and minorities, for all director openings.”
4397	Jackson immediately ran into a buzz saw of accusations.
4398	Jackson-Insurance Commissioner George Dale, Aug 28, pledged that the Mississippi Insurance Department (MID) will continue to dedicate itself to getting as many Hurricane Katrina claims paid as possible.
4399	“Jackson is accused of trying to extort an undisclosed amount of money from Hart between August 25 and 30, 2017,” it was announced.
4400	Jackson said he would make one change to the theme — replace “your” with “our”.
4401	Jack Torrey of The Cactus Blossoms talks about the band and playing on “Twin Peaks”.
4402	Jacob Hall set his feet and focused on the rim as he stood alone on the right perimeter.
4403	Jacob Hornberger, of the Future of Freedom Foundation, had predicted that would happen.
4404	Jaco De Lange's idea will be expanded to the entire country.
4405	JA Gabon presents itself as one of its alternatives with the objective of directing the Gabonese towards self-entrepreneurship.
4406	Jake is from Halifax, Nova Scotia, originally named Mi’ki’maki (“MI-KI-MAGI”) as the traditional unceded territory of the Mi’kmaq (“MIG-MAWK”) peoples.
4407	James Clapper, the former director of national intelligence, admitted in May that “hand-picked” analysts from three agencies (not the 17 previously reported) drafted the ICA.
4408	JamesMullen is a registered user.
4409	James Redmond covers the Windsor area for The Greeley Tribune and Windsor Now!
4410	James T. Lycett, 89, of Connellsville, passed away Friday, April 1, 2016, at home.
4411	James was born on February 23, 1921 and got his wish to be in Heaven with his wife Margie on Sunday, June 3. He retired after many years with Ruston Coca-Cola Bottling Co. and loved spending time with his family and friends.
4412	James—who placed the bomb in the alley next to the Times Building (purportedly set to go off at a time after all employees had gone home)—would be spared the death penalty and be sentenced to life in prison.
4413	Jane Aspen Gbandewa is a British Tourist based in Sierra Leone.
4414	Jane S. Callaghan died peacefully at the home of her daughter and sonin law on March 12, 2010, with family members at her side.
4415	Janett also discussed some temporary part-time positions to be filled, as well as the joint Conservation Board and Foundation Board meeting to take place the first Tuesday in June.
4416	Janine E. Foster (nee Seery), 57, Drums, died peacefully on May 14, 2018.
4417	Jansen has said that he was told in February by police that the case was closed.
4418	January can be the coldest month of the year in the Sonoma Valley.
4419	Japan has successfully extracted natural gas from frozen methane hydrate deposits under the sea, in the first example of production of the gas offshore.
4420	“Japan, Korea and the US continue to agree that pressure is needed to be applied on North Korea,” Onodera told reporters after his meeting with Mattis and South Korean Defense Minister Song Young-moo on the sidelines of the Shangri-la Dialogue.
4421	Japan on Sunday will restart a reactor at the Oi nuclear power plant in western Japan, marking the first such move since last year's Fukushima nuclear disaster forced all of its reactors to be shut down for checkup.
4422	Jasper struggled at the plate and in the field, registering just three hits while making seven errors — which led to four unearned runs.
4423	Javid claims “not a single European interior minister” wants to see Britain treated as an outsider on security cooperation after Brexit.
4424	Javier Zavaleta, a Costa Rican who operates the Residency in Costa Rica Los Angeles office, prepared an e-mail letter in Spanish expressing his preoccupation with the draft.
4425	Jay travels with a big trailer.
4426	Jean Paul Gaultier has focused his operations on haute couture and his collections continue to amaze.
4427	Jed Purdy has shielded himself from this sort of abuse with an unwitting trap.
4428	Jeffco feeling the effects of economic downturnThe recent economic news has been unsettling at best, and Jefferson County isn’t immune.
4429	Jeff Crites joined the Kent-based company in 1986 as a lawn care technician.
4430	Jeffertitti’s Nile, Kirun and Drab Majesty perform at PermaDirty with live painting and performance art by resident artists Kevin Alexander, Junior Mora and Andrew Thomas.
4431	Jeffi works as an operator and field technician for Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District.
4432	Jeni’s supervisor told his students that documentation of their project was more important than what they had actually achieved, encouraging a ‘tick the box’ approach to community service.
4433	Jennifer Aniston has admitted she wouldn't mind trading bodies with Gisele Bundchen.
4434	Jennifer Lancaster-Jackson, of Soldotna, took swimming in ninth grade at SoHi, but said she wished she’d had swimming earlier, before the self-consciousness of high school set in.
4435	Jenn Place, 39, of New York City is making a habit of winning the women’s race.
4436	Jenny Edmunds, chair of the business committee that organises the event on behalf of The Salvation Army said the goal this year is to top $20,000.
4437	Jerral Walker signs letter of intent with North Texas State University.
4438	Jerusalem resident Aziz Abu Sarah insulting treatment he has received traveling through Israel's main airport - and how pleased he is that Israel's Supreme Court is reviewing the situation.
4439	Jesse bumped his cast on the pickup door and cringed, his excitement fading.
4440	Jessica Cagen, 13, of East Meadow at Sunday’s arts festival downtown.
4441	Jessica Chastain burst on to the scene with a trio of luminous performances: as the idealised mother in Malick’s “Tree of Life”, a sultry social outcast in “The Help”, and the wife of Michael Shannon’s unraveling husband in “Take Shelter”.
4442	· Jesus does not look at statistics but at each of us, one by one.
4443	Jetstar Pacific said it would cancel four flights between Ho Chi Minh City and the two central cities of Vinh (Nghe An) and Dong Hoi (Quang Binh).
4444	Jhawar said that with the commissioning of all the projects the cost of production would come down by Rs.4,000 per tonne.
4445	Jim Ellis, who gave the closing speech of the ceremonies recalled the men he fought alongside as some of the first on the ground in the Vietnam War.
4446	Jimmy Kimmel Live poked fun at Kanye's much-talked-about interview with BBC Radio One and the rapper went off on twitter.
4447	Jim Patton was a man of many interests and accomplishments.
4448	Jim was a hard-working man and passionate about what he believed in. He worked for Industrial Steam for over 50 years.
4449	Jinchuan, which operates the Ruashi copper and cobalt mine, in the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the Chibuluma copper mine, in Zambia, posted net …
4450	Jindal Steel's qualified institutional placement opens at a floor price of Rs 227.15 apiece.
4451	J.J. also has an admirable trait of being willing to go to the greasy areas for pucks, and has the grit to take a defender’s punishment and keep on going.
4452	Joel Parkinson with wife Monica at Yallingup's Aravina Estate.
4453	Johan van den Berg, CEO of the SA Wind Energy Association, told News24 in an interview that 2011 was the year government formally introduced it into the energy sector, with commercial wind farm construction beginning in 2013.
4454	John Calipari has recruited the West Coast to mixed results during his tenure at UK.
4455	John, find a different co-author and we're right there with you!
4456	John Gilmore from Adele House Limited likened collaboration to using a knife and fork; a harmony achieved through diversity in functionality.
4457	John is a very proactive community member and runs most of things up there.
4458	John Kerry understands the ideals of community, faith and service because they've defined his life.
4459	Johnny Johnson, a doctor, was able to contribute significantly at the Kibimba Hospital, where he worked with the medical team.
4460	Johnny, or "Yash" as he was known, was attending college (NJIT) when he abruptly decided to go into law enforcement.
4461	John sets out to journey on the high seas, accompanied by his slave Thomas.
4462	Johnson is teaching COMS 258: Concepts of Media Production and Paideia 111: Enduring Questions this fall and is already thinking and researching on potential subjects and ideas for his next documentary.
4463	John Stossel reports on wasteful programs like the Agriculture Department forcing farmers to let cherries rot.
4464	John Strandin, of the Workforce Connection, says this isn't the first time he's seen a magazine or a website put out false information about Rockford.
4465	John Vickers is a former member of amalgamation “yes” and lives in Toronto.
4466	John was born on Feb. 1, 1931 in LaGrange, Ind. He married Dema (Chupp) on Feb. 5, 1949.
4467	Joik Moisturising and Nourishing Cocoa Butter Stick 60ml, €6.20 Joik.ee Cocoa and shea butters, olive oil and jojoba oil are the main ingredients in this moisturising stick.
4468	Joining a groundswell of high-rise construction across Midtown, Coda at Tech Square will be the Southeast’s first “Class T” office venture—a tech hub designed to promote innovation and collaboration.
4469	Jolly Old St. Nick.
4470	Jonathan Bailey, who is managing Cathay Pacific's operations in Israel told "Yediot Ahronot" that the airline had been surprised by the number of tickets already sold.
4471	Jonathan Hyde is one of the WMU alumni at Duncan.
4472	Jones also sent racially charged texts, also including the word “nigger,” to Neri during mutually heated exchanges between the two.
4473	Jones assured those in attendance that he had no desire to limit the number of things that students can participate in during the school year, but explained that some sort of attendance ration had to be maintained within the classroom as well.
4474	Joplin Public Library has expanded its services.
4475	Jorge Lanata, the high-profile journalist who made the claim, says the entrance to his private apartment in Buenos Aires was stoned and empty 9mm cartridges were left in the road – a clear message of intimidation.
4476	Joseph Dunwoody Jr.’s love of Mexico and the Spanish language led him to teach at San Antonio College for three decades.
4477	Josh Ashcroft was another standout through the middle, while Brad Ashcroft continued to show good signs with a three-goal effort up forward.
4478	Jos is located in Nigeria’s so-called Middle Belt, where the mostly Muslim north meets the mainly Christian south.
4479	Journalists have to eat too.
4480	Journey won't take its bow without offering “Don't Stop Believin'” and “Who's Crying Now.”
4481	Judges in office at the time of the termination notice, however, would be entitled to benefits until the end of their terms, or, at county option, until they leave the bench.
4482	Judging by the sick comments you made a few weeks ago, most of the readers should be able to guess what you were in for.
4483	Jules it's only how much thousand pounds of carrots, it's so little only 6 acres.
4484	Juliet, a PhD student in classics, has taken a teaching position at a private girls’ school, because her professors want her “to get out into the world a bit.”
4485	June 05 is observed as World Environment Day to raise awareness and action for the protection of the Earth’s environment.
4486	Junsu performed many songs from his solo albums as well as his latest mini album "Yesterday."
4487	Jurors also convicted him of three further wounding charges.
4488	Just a short note to explain why I’m substituting an opinion piece from the Washington Times for my usual scribbling this week.
4489	Just as love grows by giving it away, mother’s milk replenishes itself to the degree that it, too, is given away.
4490	Just as Schmidt did when he was given the chance to ski in front of Warren Miller’s cameras for the first time.
4491	Just as we have fair trade stamps for food, why shouldn't we have the same thing for hair extensions?
4492	Just give us the documents and enforce an embargo till 3 pm.
4493	Just go ahead and give them the Golan heights, and also Jerusalem, and Tel Aviv.
4494	Just grind it out and put it back to work.”
4495	Justice Neville Owen – Member of the Pontifical Commission for the Protection of Minors, former chair of the Truth Justice and Healing Council and former Justice of the Supreme Court of Western Australia.
4496	Justice Sonia Sotomayor’s Type-1 diabetes took center stage when President Obama announced her as his choice for the court in 2009.
4497	Just in case you have not been following the national pastime for as many years as I have, you might take my word for it.
4498	Just like the name suggests, western-style food is on offer, with everything from wings to burgers, steaks to BBQ ribs.
4499	Just recently, in a number of publications 
4500	"Just seeing the looks on their faces when they're watching their own videos, you can really see that sense of pride in them."
4501	Just take an interest in unfolding issues on the mountain.
4502	Just to print that cheque was more than the value on it….
4503	Juveniles found frolicking through the park were detained for being in the park after hours.
4504	K2TV Senior Political Correspondent Aaron Groff speaks live with Wyoming Secretary of State Ed Murray.
4505	Kaetlyn Osmond, of Canada, celebrates after winning the women’s free skating program, at the Figure Skating World Championships in Assago, Italy, Friday, March 23, 2018.
4506	Kakhun Gozhev awarded "Akhdz-Apsha" III degreeBy decree of the President Raul Khadjimba for his contribution to the development of fraternal relations between the peoples of the North Caucasus with Abkhazia Ph.
4507	Kanneh thinks about what changes are needed in the long term. His waste-recycling company provides employment and sustainable livelihoods.
4508	Karl Edwin Skow will be sentenced for upskirting women on an escalator at Central Railway station.
4509	Karnaphuli in death throesCHATTOGRAM: Massive pollution and encroachment continue to pose a serious threat to the river Karnaphuli, the lifeline of the port city, in absence of effective measures by the authorities concerned.
4510	Karoki, who is fresh from winning the Ras al-Khaimah (RAK) Half Marathon in the United Arab Emirates, will face one of the athletes he beat Jemal Yimer from Ethiopia.
4511	Kate has been talking to one man who is paying substantially more out since the train timetables were changed.
4512	Katelyn Sack, a University of Virginia researcher who’s studying whether factors including polygraphers’ personal biases influence testing, provided the copies to McClatchy.
4513	Katie Razzall meets two couples who are planning to tie the knot.
4514	Katy, TX News (July 5, 2017) – Katy Asian Town, the 100,000 square foot shopping center anchored by, is set to begin construction soon, with plans to open in early 2018.
4515	Kaysha B. Devlin, 27, of Delta was issued a summons for shoplifting and trespass at Wal-Mart.
4516	KB, Shinhan, Woori and other commercial banks are paying keen attention to the progress of the amicable South and North Korean relations, preparing themselves to resume halted businesses in the North as soon as possible.
4517	Keep America Beautiful (KAB) of Nash and Edgecombe counties is the recipient of a $6,000 Cigarette Litter Prevention Program Grant awarded by the Keep America Beautiful national office.
4518	Keep an extra jumper handy for the weekend!
4519	Keep your eye, I mean teeth, pointed at the binky.
4520	Keith, a two-time Norris Trophy winner as the league’s top defenseman, finished with a career-worst minus-29 rating, the worst such number on the team.
4521	Kelly said the pressure on tech reflects investors' desire to avoid the most expensive areas of the stock market, just in case this slump turns into something deeper.
4522	Kelly will not be able to place the house at the site until water and sewer is made available.
4523	Kennedy doesn’t know exactly how long she has been quilting, spinning wool and knitting or how many quilts she has made.
4524	Kennedy made Ticketmaster available so patrons could purchase tickets in advance and preview the list upcoming shows in the Boston area: “That’s helped tremendously, both widening our reach and bringing in greater numbers for the shows.”
4525	KENNETH Nduka, the President, Nigerian Institute of Building (NIOB), has called for structural integrity test of all defected …
4526	Kenneth refused the lady's financial reward.
4527	Kensington and Chelsea council turned down Candy’s scheme of demolishing a 1930s block called Duke’s Lodge to make way for five villas with two-storey basements.
4528	KENT, Texas, June 04, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Larson Electronics, a business with expertise in industrial lighting systems and power distribution products, announced the release of an ATEX rated explosion proof camera for hazardous environments and …
4529	Kenyan President, Uhuru Kenyatta, released 7,000 prison inmates in October 2016 to make room for corruption offenders.
4530	Kerry announced his choice this morning in an email to the heart and soul of his campaign – the more than one million grassroots supporters at johnkerry.com.
4531	Kerry has a great eye for photography.
4532	Kerry is promising to hold additional hearings on the future of the newspaper industry in the coming months.
4533	KERRY MANNIX: This is definitely the time for a female president because women are better organised and can plan better than men.
4534	Ketan Vaidya, a businessman residing in Ambawadi, retorted: "The police insulted and abused me just because I had a carry bag with me."
4535	Key actions include increasing criminal penalties for domestic and family violence, to reflect that the relationship is an aggravating factor in sentencing.
4536	Keywords: Euro-dollar rate flat as treasury yields jump NEW YORK CITY, August 19, 2013 (AFP) – The euro-dollar exchange rate was little changed Monday despite another jump in US Treasury yields that put more upward pressure on greenback interest rates.
4537	Kids at the George Mackie Library tested out Sphero SPRK, the Fraser Valley Regional Libraries newest item to borrow.
4538	“Kids need to learn how to swim and SoHi pool can’t accommodate all the swim lesson needs that we have here.
4539	Kids not only can participate in the Bubblemaker program; they can become Junior Open Water Certified while on vacation.
4540	Kids will enjoy the museum’s movie matinees for all-ages, where recent screenings have included classics such as “The Secret Garden.”
4541	Kim stood silently alongside, but the North Korean leader had earlier described their summit as a “a good prelude to peace.”
4542	Kind is usually the best thing to be.
4543	King Philip II of Spain formulated plans for towns in the American colonies in 1573.
4544	King singled to open the bottom of the first.
4545	Kirk Coco, CEO of NOLA Distilling, uses only Avoyelles Parish-grown sweet potatoes from Deshotel Farms to make his line of vodka.
4546	Kirkland’s new Village President Ryan Block credits his perspective as a younger candidate with fresh ideas for leading him to victory.
4547	Kirkwood said: "We want to test ourselves against higher league opposition and it will be a test.
4548	Kirstjen Nielsen, secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, had urged him to veto it, saying the proposal didn’t include enough money for border security.
4549	KISMAYO, Somalia — A suspected U.S. reconnaissance drone has crashed on Sunday in an Al Shabaab-held environs near the southern coastal city of Kismayo, the administrative headquarters of Interim Jubbaland State.
4550	Knowing that he is already a winner makes it that much easier for the soft-speaking Wisdom to take this mission on of uplifting Jamaica, regardless of whether or not he wins the competition.
4551	Know of another carousel in the area?
4552	Know that I expect each of you to treat those around you as you would have your family treated.
4553	Koba Nakopia from the United National Movement as well as Sergo Ratiani and Akaki Bobokhidze from European Georgia are also among those listed.
4554	Kocsis responsed to remarks from the audience that “Soros’ institutions were helping the migrants because he hates the government of Hungary” and the reason for this is “that he’s a Jew and as such has sworn revenge on Europe for the Holocaust”.
4555	Korean newspapers last week characterized the arrest of the Samsung Vice Chairman Lee Jae-yong as the breakthrough that prosecutors needed to convict President Park Geun-hye of corruption and for the Constitutional Court to uphold her impeachment.
4556	Kramer was engaged in a political activity as a candidate, but because he is required to be available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, the sheriff is always theoretically on duty, Wegner’s decision stated.
4557	Krishna King explains how you can protect your car from rust.
4558	Kroger is showing some fight, setting the stage for an e-commerce deal.
4559	K-State senior rower Hillary Schartz reflects on her college career and looks ahead to upcoming challenges.
4560	Kumi Guitar, who got involved at some point in Stonebwoy’s hullabaloo with Zylofon Media, has said that he is more matured than Stonebwo.
4561	“Kupala was a Catholic but he wrote in Belarusian although he had all reasons to do it in Polish.
4562	Kuto, however, noted that at the moment some members are not privy to the benefits emanating from the medical scheme consequently losing out on the same.
4563	Kutztown Borough Police seek the community’s assistance in identifying a person who has been spraying his “art” all over Kutztown on vehicles, houses, garages and dumpsters.
4564	Kutztown eighth grader Joanna Herrlin came up with an idea over this past summer to use her knitting skills to benefit her community.
4565	KXAN found out this is the latest in a series of problems people say they're having with the company as it trudges through front yards.
4566	“Ky’re is a highly skilled athlete that has a lot to offer,” Collins said.
4567	Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn today launched a brilliant attack vowing to “overturn the rigged system” and placing wealth and power back in to the hands of “the people” to “give people real control.”
4568	"Lab tests can confirm if the bird is affected by bird flu or NCD," she clarified.
4569	Lack of activity is a killer, as is obesity, and Mr Osborne’s Budget sends a powerful and refreshing message to everyone that it’s time we all started addressing our lifestyle habits.
4570	Lady of the house!
4571	Ladysmith has launched a survey aimed at garnering input from the development…
4572	Lafayette Webb worked for more than a decade in the mental health unit at the Washoe County Sheriff's Office and says that experience helps him understand the unique challenges faced by some of the students under his care.
4573	LAHORE: The Supreme Court has ordered media groups to summon on Monday who have not been paying salaries to their.
4574	Lamar’s Cormac Kelly finished seventh in the men’s race at the Southland Conference Championships in Abilene, Tex. The junior out of County Carlow got 8,000 meters in 24:56.6.
4575	Lana Borg of Mama Lana’s Community Foundation said that the completely re-purposed and recycled mats would hopefully provide the homeless community with a better night’s sleep.
4576	Lance Armstrong has been an inspiration through his cycling accomplishments.
4577	Lang Sen Wetland Reserve is located in Vinh Loi and Vinh Dai communes, Tan Hung district, Long An.
4578	Language about making poverty a national priority found its way into the Democratic Party platform last year and into President Barack Obama's State of the Union address in February.
4579	LANSING, Mich. (AP) — Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder will drink Flint water at home and at work for at least a month to show to residents it is safe with the use of a faucet filter, he said Monday.
4580	La Presse’s Joël-Denis Bellavance and Manon Cornelier from Le Devoir provide their own perspective on today’s meetings from Parliament Hill.
4581	Largely read the game well throughout, barring a regrettable moment just before halftime that nearly surrendered the lead.
4582	Last December, Fayette defeated New Franklin in the championship game of the 87th Annual Glasgow Tournament.
4583	Last month, the Kremlin extended the ban for a year following the EU’s decision to prolong its sanctions through January.
4584	Last night the winning ticket was drawn.
4585	Last session, Plakon sponsored a bill to ban internet cafes.
4586	Last summer, the grade of the road from Mile 397-405 was raised 8-10 feet and is significantly higher than it was last spring.
4587	Last week, a top WHO official warned that if the virus reached Mbandaka, Congo could be confronted with yet another Ebola crisis.
4588	Last week, Bill 17 received first reading.
4589	Last week, it was announced Luke Bryan would open his Farm Tour 2018 on Sept. 27 at Spring Fork Farms in Irwin.
4590	Last week Ording helped lead Versailles to a win against Midwest Athletic Conference foe St. Henry, who entered the match ranked third in the state by the Ohio High School Volleyball Coaches Association.
4591	Last week’s column — which I must say brought a deluge of comments from readers — was about how on occasion we’d all love to take a crowbar to our “Technology.”
4592	Last week Thursday, a pair of southern police was headed to a Caye in the Stann Creek District to look for a murder suspect.
4593	Last week we were treated to a rare sight, compared to the usual red-winged blackbirds, beavers, and snapping turtles.
4594	Last year, 1.37 million domestic and international tourists visited the palace.
4595	Last year, everyone read “Because of Winn-Dixie,” by Kate DiCamillo.
4596	Last year, in mid September, Prime Minister Dean Barrow announced that the Government had reached a settlement over the company with its former owners.
4597	Last year, more than 48 percent, or 328,228 returning Texas HealthCare.gov consumers switched plans.
4598	Last year saw bilateral trade amount to 63.9 billion US dollars, an increase of more than 40 percent in one year, and thus, the RoK became Vietnam's second largest trading partner while Vietnam emerged as the RoK's fourth largest trading partner.
4599	Last year's change in Iowa legislation removing the statewide ban of fireworks sales opened up the doors for companies to expand their sales into Iowa.
4600	LAS VEGAS – T.J. Oshie found his father on the ice amid the jubilant madness of the Washington Capitals' postgame celebration and wrapped him in a fierce hug.
4601	Late Eddie GILDEA The tragic death has taken place of Eddie Gildea, son of Martin and Mary Gildea, Correnagh, Letterkenny.
4602	Late June had very little rain, but the Fourth of July brought a late-afternoon torrential shower, so it is once more hot and humid.
4603	Late last year, its logos began appearing in New York City taxis.
4604	Later I learned that the reason the garrison had been so hasty in opening fire was that, only minutes before we arrived, they had had an encounter with a Jewish convoy seeking to break through the lines in order to reach the besieged settlements.
4605	Later, learn more from local law enforcement and other First Responders, as they talk about the realities of the work they do.
4606	Later on Vietnam was admitted in November 2004 at the Ministerial Retreat in Krabi, Thailand, and became the fifth member.
4607	Later that evening I found out that the L.S.T. 471 was bombed heavily, and it was hit three times.
4608	Later this afternoon, the focus will shift to Gdańsk, where a conference about the role of Solidarity is being staged.
4609	Later, while with Hockey Canada, Charron ended up at a dinner table that included Sam Pollock, the legendary general manager of the NHL's Canadiens.
4610	Latest treasury statistics seen by reporters on Monday indicate the government has paid $137,6 million to ZESA, $49,4 million to ZINWA, $11,5 million to NetOne and Natpharm has been paid $26 million.
4611	Latin America: what is the current state of employment?
4612	Latinos came to see both conflicts as two fronts in the same war.
4613	Laurent Depoitre ready to take on the "best players in the world" when Huddersfield Town host Manchester City"It's going to be a tough game, but you never know in football"
4614	Lauren Williams, a student at Oakland’s Holy Names High School, adds words of encouragement for those living with HIV and AIDS during the school’s observance of World AIDS Day.
4615	Laurie Koehler, the vice provost for enrollment management and retention, said Street joins previous hires focused on keeping students enrolled, including a retention officer and a retention coordinator.
4616	La Vielle Cheminée manages to make a large room feel cozy, with clever dividing and warm brown tones that evoke cappuccino and amaretto.
4617	LAWN WAS FULL—More than 14,000 people, including 1,853 graduates, attended the undergraduate ceremony on St. John’s University’s Great Lawn May 20 at the Queens campus.
4618	Lawson is concerned businesses might be confused by the letter and believe responding to it substitutes the need for filing a business entity report, which is required by state law.
4619	Laying the blame on the lower-rung Government servants had become the fashion today and it had been so over the past 30 years or so, since the death of President Premadasa.
4620	“Leadership is not a skill, it is an art form,” said Elcott.
4621	Leaders of the company apologized to the Vietnamese government and people and pledged to compensate US$500 million for economic damage.
4622	Leaders of the House and Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committees all signed off on the deal Thursday night, after several weeks of fractured negotiations.
4623	Leading the returnees is two-time all-MVC first team selection Jaelyn Keene, a 6-foot-2 junior middle blocker.
4624	Leahi Concept Kitchen is a student run restaurant at the Waikiki Parc Hotel.
4625	Leaks, like the one that is believed to have led to the explosion that killed eight people in East Harlem this month, are startlingly common, numbering in the thousands every year, federal records show.
4626	Learn a little bit of Spanish, they appreciate that since that is their language.
4627	Learn more about the Kid Captain program at: whitecapsfc.
4628	Learn to grow unique fruits, vegetables and grains, such as orange eggplants, quinoa, chia, and white strawberries.
4629	Learn where to eat vegan in Los Angeles.
4630	LeBron James and the Cavaliers are being given litt.
4631	Left-arm spinner Nikita Miller was called up by the West Indies for the World Cup to replace Sunil Narine who withdrew from the squad.
4632	Lefty, LeBron, and locker room signs with the AP's Bernie Wilson!
4633	Legendary American folk singer Pete Seeger, known for renditions of songs like “If I had a Hammer” and “Where Have all the Flowers Gone,” has died at the age of 94, US media reported.
4634	LEGO is a very unique product in many ways.
4635	“Lending rates in France are at historical lows so some people prefer to buy, but even people buying to let has not eased demand,” adds Prevel.
4636	Lendvay was the inaugural director of the Broncos Athletic program and had guided it from its infancy in 2006 through its leap into the ACAC this past season.
4637	Lenihan said the school regularly conducts drills and in addition to the plan for dealing with an emergency at the school, has a plan to be notified if anything happens at Wayne State College.
4638	Leonel “Chocolate” Heredia passed away a month ago at the age of 83. In July, to coincide with his birthday, his family plans to take his remains to scatter them in the Noh Mul reserve.
4639	Lesley is a strong advocate, and advert, for incorporating exercise into your daily life.
4640	Less than $1 million was in the bag.
4641	Less-than-expected pay is to blame.
4642	Lest we forget… The Ironworkers of New York’s Local 40, members ran to the site when the towers fell.
4643	“Let me be clear,” scolded Senate Ag Chairman Saxby Chambliss, R-GA, in an Oct. 9 letter to Secretary of Agriculture Mike Johanns, “.
4644	Let me give you the short answer to these burning questions.
4645	Let me illustrate by giving two examples: We call people Hypochondriacs when they are obsessed with disease where if we divide the word Hypo-chondria into two we get the idea why.
4646	Let me salute Ofosu Bamfo Sikkens, one of the courageous and dedicated businessmen who threw their monies into the thankless enterprise of managing traditional football clubs.
4647	Let's all talk to each other, fix this, and move beyond it.
4648	Lets do some fingerprinting…wont happen becuase the jamaican/hondurans in power dont want us to know how much crime they bring to the island.
4649	Let’s find out the root cause of plane accidents in the country such as the one involving a FlySax plane.
4650	Let’s get this straight: if you believe the Bible and are genuinely a believing Christian, then you cannot support, vote for, or in any.
4651	Let's govern with the same sense of goodness, the same humanity and decency that we so clearly recognize in the people we represent.”
4652	Let’s see what happens when a rich, powerful, married man falls for a poor, beautiful girl married to an- …
4653	Letter to the Editor: "Wouldn't it make more sense to have the referendum after the Luther students leave?"
4654	Let us not forget these Workers have families to provide for.
4655	Let us pray to Our Lady, Mother of prisoners: Hail Mary …
4656	Let us see what will happen in 2019.
4657	Lewis Hamilton also took the chequered flag early at the 2014 Chinese Grand Prix, when it was waved one lap early by mistake.
4658	Lexi Wagner made 1st team all district, and Raegan Bond was named 2nd team all district.
4659	LIA: Any special songs for Patchogue?
4660	Lia Kahler has offered free musical meditations during the summer months for a half-hour weekly in the late afternoons at the Chilmark Community Church.
4661	“Liberals and Democrats,” he regrets, “often are afraid of being accused of being wimps or weak, weak-willed, not strong, not pro-America.
4662	Librarian Johnnie Simon and all other teachers at the school take the challenge of encouraging their students to become life-long readers.
4663	Libya should resist rushing into elections this year because the country is too violent and authorities cannot guarantee freedom of assembly or free speech essential for a vote, Human Rights Watch said on Wednesday.
4664	Licensed taxi drivers are equally adamant that the porteadores take business from them.
4665	LIFT is off to a good start thanks to another unique pairing.
4666	Like actual exam, our 70-742 materials is in multiple-choice questions (MCQs).
4667	Like Colombia, the Philippines is bugged by insurgency.
4668	Like Donaire, Pacquiao also had one good round in that 12-round loss that scarred the Filipino icon’s otherwise lofty record.
4669	Like every child, children with disabilities too have many abilities, however, they are often excluded from the mainstream of the society by discrimination and lack of support.
4670	Like, everyone loves that scene.
4671	Like his associates, he is not a vagrant or a beggar.
4672	Like last year, the Machine got off to a quick start, scoring three consecutive goals, including a two-pointer by Tom Schreiber after Rochester had scored first.
4673	Like many other young professionals, she loves to feel the soca beat pumping through her body on Carnival Monday and Tuesday.
4674	“Like most industries, the pace of change is unrelenting,” said Joyce.
4675	Like Saban, Dantonio is excellent at crafting a message and ensuring that everyone in the program delivers that message to the players.
4676	Like so much of her illustration work, each of these have an uncanny way of opening a door into a larger narrative, one that offers glimpses into a dreamlike world of her own creation.
4677	Like the restaurant business, many type of businesses gravitate to locations which favour their type of activity.
4678	"Likewise, our other degrees in EcoChemistry, Evolutionary Biology and Sustainable Environments build on years of excellence in teaching and research, as well as a perceived need for more graduates in these fields.
4679	Likewise, the Bullard Lady Panther varsity track and field team also competed well against the tough competition at the UIL 4A District 15-16 Area Track Meet, with a total of eight athletes advancing in eight different events.
4680	Limited space in this paper will not permit me to chronicle all the details leading up to the vote of non-confidence and the retaliatory decision by the Council of Ministers to dissolve Parliament.
4681	Lindsay Eagle followed up an IRNE acting prize with a small or fringe actress Norton.
4682	Linebacker Vontaze Burfict was flagged for a personal foul when he struck a defenseless receiver in the head with a vicious shot following an incomplete pass near midfield in the game’s final seconds.
4683	Lionel Trees with his horse Prince.
4684	Lisa Marie Assante is the chair of the University of West Florida’s new Department of Hospitality, Recreation and Resort Management.
4685	Listening to a new crop of podcasts, with drinks in hand, women exact revenge on the true crime genre.
4686	Listing public speaking as her main fear Miss Edgewater Blossom Daniels made the decision to join Miss Cook Islands to build confidence in an area she felt was lacking.
4687	Lithuanian authorities have launched investigations into the partisans’ wartime activities and accused Yitzhak Arad, a former chairman of Yad Vashem, of killing Nazi collaborators who are regarded today as Lithuanian heroes for opposing communism.
4688	Liverpool analysis - Virgil Van Dijk deserves better as Mohamed Salah confirms his place amongst kings - Li.
4689	‘‘Livestock was going to get trade advantages,’’ he said.
4690	Living in a completely different culture brought many challenges and opportunities for Donithan.
4691	Living Wage Coalition, said Monday.
4692	Loaded with experience, they were ranked No. 2 in the Class 6A boys poll going into the season opener in early December.
4693	Local coconut processing companies at that time had to import coconut materials for production.
4694	"Local customers are, by far, our biggest buyers," says Carlsen.
4695	Local governments also became ponds in the game of political manipulation.
4696	Local input is driving this process.”
4697	Local milk producers reported average annual earnings of $1,393 from milk before the land was taken, but the same producers only made an average of $319 from milk in the year following the land grab.
4698	Local police said Flight 971 landed at Shannon at 2:15 p.m. local time, after a "message" was discovered.
4699	Locals and visitors to Alameda alike could enjoy fried rutabaga, cauliflower- and potato-based fair foods (above left) that had a distinct vegetarian flair.
4700	Local water suppliers acknowledge that some of these plans, including buying water from Oklahoma and increasing the water supply from Wright Patman Lake near Texarkana, have hurdles that could derail them.
4701	Local youths and adults recently completed mission work in the Pee-Dee region of South Carolina.
4702	Located at 347 Papanui Rd, there will be performances from the kapa haka group, choir and singers Mark Tavendale and Joshua Pike to welcome the community and the school to their new space.
4703	Located on natural water springs and slough, some call Jolly Slough and others call Jollico Slough.
4704	Located on the city’s waterfront, the building itself is of historic interest, as it dates back to the late 19 century when it was the São Francisco fish canning factory.
4705	Located on the northwest coast of Washington Slagbaai, the experienced diver will be rewarded with some of the most pristine coral found on Bonaire.
4706	Lockhart was cited for driving under suspension (failure to reinstate) and taken to the county jail.
4707	Lodge control the politicians, judiciary, the civil service e.g. Franz Manderson Eric Bush are high ranking public officials and every big decision in Cayman.
4708	Long attached at the financial hip, the Harmony Hall Plantation Village Committee and Bladen County Historical Society split on July 14 by a unanimous vote.
4709	Long live the king”.
4710	Long-term players know that broad diversification should minimize the effects.
4711	Look for the best adhesive bandage on the market that fits your need so you don’t have to worry about further infections entering the open wound.
4712	“Look, I’m all for cleaning out if that makes you feel more comfortable.
4713	Looking at the flower beds up the street makes me green with envy.
4714	Looking back at it now, it was obviously a great, great honor.
4715	Looking back, I believe Nkrumah was not only an ardent Pan-Africanist but also an African “prophet”.
4716	Looking for entertainment in North Denver?
4717	Looking round my world, I spot a Northern Oriole at the bird feeder.
4718	“Look, I thought Hambardzumyan was a great athlete, but turns out he is an excellent tamada as well,” exclaimed Stalin.
4719	Look up pink peppercorns on the Internet and you’ll find an assortment of quotes touting their virtues: “Pink peppercorns have a delicate, fragrant, fruity, floral, sweet and/or spicy flavor.”
4720	Lopez was seen suffering from a stab wound to the left eye and one to the upper back.
4721	Lorenzen is dismayed that his party is again capitulating to the likes of Granic Allen and Charles McVety, who has put his support squarely behind Ford.
4722	Los Finados San Pedro Town-8San Pedro Town celebrated Dia de los Muertos (Day of the Dead) with two celebrations.
4723	Lotions based on zinc oxide, natural ingredients, and biodegradable materials also protect and preserve skin without destroying coral.
4724	Lot two of the airport road project is funded by the government of the republic of France through the Agence Francaise de Developement at the cost of $52 million dollars.
4725	Love Child Organics, PC Organics baby food recalled »
4726	Love for our national game, something that can be found across the country, is an integral part of what drives the Foundation and its Funding Partners to keep increasing the standards and quality of our facilities.”
4727	Love the coordinated outfits mRT Ackermans making sandwiches, delivering all day!
4728	Love them or hate them, the heavy music scene today wouldn't have the exposure it does without Mastodon, and Austin gave Dailor and Kelliher their first taste of success.
4729	Low affordable-housing, density, ease of access to business and transit is what many people are looking for these days.
4730	Low oil prices plagued Fairbanks-based Doyon in 2016, dropping its operating income below 2015 levels.
4731	Lucknow: Uttar Pradesh’s Shia Central Waqfs Board (UPSCWB) made public the names along with the photographs of people who have allegedly sold or purchased waqf properties across the state.
4732	Luke Matthews is one of the club veterans who's returned to the Sawtell/Toormina line-up in recent weeks.
4733	Lumino Diatomaceous Earth for Pets is a non-
4734	LWE areas, especially those in Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand, were neglected before 2014.
4735	Lycanthropy is the subject of writer-director John Landis’ 1981 thriller An American Werewolf in London, in which a backpacking tourist (David Naughton) succumbs to that familiar full-moon curse.
4736	Lynelle Barrett is an editor at Expatica and has, in fact, confirmed her relationship.
4737	Lytton Strachey based much of his chapter on Nightingale in Eminent Victorians on Cook, and Cecil Woodham-Smith also relied heavily on Cook's Life in her 1950 biography, though she did have access to new family material preserved at Claydon.
4738	Macaulay’s mosque is much more than a building.
4739	Macleans' Jason Markusoff explains how the pioneering experiment inspired other cities and levels of government, providing hope that homelessness is solvable.
4740	MacMaster, a 25-year pro in the music business, has released 11 albums and won two JUNO awards.
4741	Madeline Dye says her extraordinary longevity is because she avoided the stress that accompanies marriage and relationships.
4742	Madison County District 5 Commissioner Jim Escoe says he’d like to see the county go back to a five-member instead of three-member board of assessors.
4743	Madison County’s Open Farm Day showcases rich diversity »
4744	Mae Hong Son’s Joint Private Committee is turning to the NCPO to find solutions for their chronic transportation issues.
4745	Maenga is disappointed to see president Peter Mutharika being deceived by Nicholas Dausi and Dr. Ntaba.
4746	Magic Jack promises to cut your phone bill to $20 a year, simply by plugging it into your computer's USB port, but Lauren Keith finds all area codes need not apply.
4747	Mahathir continued to wield power in UMNO even after he handed over in 2003.
4748	Mahut had been battling a calf injury, and thanked the medical staff for getting him ready to play.
4749	Mailloux had told Lundgren “integrity could not have been used” in excluding Voelker as a finalist.
4750	Main Line Today’s Women on the Move luncheon was held at Drexelbrook.
4751	Maintaining the low grumbling voice he uses to portray the tiger isn’t easy.
4752	Make sure to call ahead in case of forest closures.
4753	Make sure you read that part that says: "nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation."
4754	Making and selling charcoal is the only way I get food.
4755	Making a plan that includes all holiday expenditures can be a powerful tool to avoid overspending.
4756	Mallards recovered, thanks to a superb fifth wicket partnership of 152 between Oliver Stone (69) and Nicholas Smit (80), before both fell in quick succession to James McKinney and Park respectively.
4757	Maloney conceded that at times he can be hot-headed, but said, “There’s a reason I come into that building with a chip on my shoulder.”
4758	Malvern Mayor Brenda Weldon said the reason for the hold up was the bad weather.
4759	MALVERN turned on the style to thump mid-table Leamington 66-17 at Spring Lane in Midlands Two West (South).
4760	Mamie Charleson and her Daughter Corrine Charleson participate in the Teechuktl Intergenerational Healing Gathering at Maht Mahs on Nov. 7. Mamie is among the 16 residential school survivors who made the gathering possible through settlement funding.
4761	Manage the exceptions, not everything…
4762	Manatt" in question was Charles Manatt who was appointed chairman of the DNC by President Carter.
4763	Manchester United reportedly want new deal for Rashford amid Everton speculationManchester United's Marcus Rashford has been linked with moves away.
4764	Mandal observed that the present activity in the party in Gujarat was similar to what happened in Bihar when the party was formed.
4765	Manfred Meyer, the German Development Representative for Kunduz and Baghlan emphasized the importance of agriculture in country’s economic development.
4766	Mangala said in his statement - “Today, 8 January 2018, marks the ninth anniversary of one of the most heinous crimes ever committed against Sri Lanka’s constitutionally guaranteed right to freedom of expression.
4767	Mangoes are a fruit that you cannot miss on Rarotonga.
4768	“Man, if we get us in an alley for this picture, niggas gonna know we drove to an alley in a Benz,” Ice Cube says.
4769	MANILA, May 10 (PNA) — The local stock market rallied strongly on Tuesday after weeks of volatile trading, as investors cheered the country’s transparent and speedy election results.
4770	Many Americans have expressed shock and dismay at the news that a public figure who presented himself as a model and guardian of Christian morality could have violated those morals in such a profound way.
4771	Many brides choose their wedding hair style based upon the type of headpiece they’ll be wearing on their wedding day.
4772	Many companies are on the rise selling cell phone accessories because of the increase in popularity of cell phones, and the great shift towards technology over the last decade.
4773	Many couples who are remarrying may bring significant financial baggage into the relationship.
4774	Many developing countries during the preperations for Seattle have proposed to amend the Agriculture Agreement to take into account their problems of implementation.
4775	Many diets crash and burn when free glazed donuts are presented at the weekly staff meeting.
4776	"Many enterprises want workers under 25 years old so that they can work longer, with lower initial wage," Quynh said.
4777	Many experts believe the true number of cases is much higher.
4778	Many grocery stores offer a variety of wrappers.
4779	Many had to leave their homes and evacuate away from the accident, yet a part of the population had to put their health at risk due to work in the 30-kilometer zone, better known as the "exclusion zone".
4780	Many locals agree that there are positive and negative pieces to the Affordable Health Care Act, also known as Obamacare.
4781	Many medical practices are outdated.
4782	Many members of the employed public not only work full schedules, but often work weekends and holidays, and even forgo vacations when duties necessitate it.
4783	Many months after the filming of the EMF reading of the mask I was doing post-production editing and I heard an EVP right at that point as the meter was being moved, between the beeping.
4784	Many observers agree that Barzani insisted on holding the referendum to strengthen his own domestic standing, considering that his term as president of the Kurdish region ended two years ago.
4785	“Many of our clients already feel afraid to bring complaints against the Australian government for poor treatment or even harm suffered in detention,” Robertson said.
4786	Many of the cats come from Eastern Europe, including Bulgaria, Romania and Croatia; others have been from Greece and Bosnia.
4787	Many of them are so blinded by Russophobia that they are happily applauding the Ukrainian nationalist battalions.
4788	“Many of the residents of our Family Island settlements rely on the income that they derive from the Regatta in their community to carry them through the year,” he said.
4789	Many of the rooms also feature panoramic windows that offer stunning views of the Machida skyline and the glittering lights of Tokyo beyond.
4790	Many of these apps have had undeniable success with massive user growth in short periods of time, however, tripcents will be one of the first to combine fintech and travel.
4791	Many of the thrift shop volunteers are retired and have the time to help operate the shop part-time throughout the week.
4792	Many parents are concerned about problems like climate change, habitat destruction and plastic pollution, but they worry that these topics are too scary for kids.
4793	Many participants shared their hobbies as well as their jobs.
4794	Many people abscond before authorities can act and the transfers are expensive and logistically complicated to organise.
4795	Many people crowded around a platform outside the entrance to the federal building in downtown Syracuse as the protest continued Saturday afternoon.
4796	Many people standing in my shoes would have shrugged their shoulders and walked away.
4797	Many professionals in restaurants and eateries are using or consuming the entire lemon and nothing is wasted.
4798	“Many residents and businesses struggle to find options for their unwanted re-usable goods and we are dedicated to preventing these goods from ending up in landfill.”
4799	Many say policymakers should consider ways to help them, such as by making health and retirement benefits more portable from job to job.
4800	Many students who are planning on attending LCC or New Mexico Highlands University have to take the Compass Placement exams to determine what math or English classes they will be required to take when they start college.
4801	Many thanks to Dr.
4802	"Many times, I've asked myself why I can't seem to be more prudent with my money, and the answer's always the same - shopping, travelling and spending on myself make me happy.
4803	Many transport bosses are earning 10 times what their employees are paid – is that an inclusive model?
4804	“Many years ago I was travelling through Booligal just north of Hay and I came across this old shed that had the windows all boarded up,” he said.
4805	Mao Havanall, Cambodian Secretary of State for Civil Aviation, said Cambodia was targeting 2 million Chinese tourists by 2020 and he was confident that Lanmei Airlines could help Cambodia to achieve this ambition.
4806	MAPLE HEIGHTS, Ohio -- A man and a woman were both found dead Monday morning in a Maple Heights home, police said.
4807	Map out dad’s hometown, the city where he had his first job or where he met mom.
4808	Marcel Albert Rondeau was born February 16th, 1936 in Fort Kent Alberta, and passed away peacefully in Burns Lake at the Pines on January 17, 2018.
4809	Marcy Irving, music appreciation instructor at Cuesta College and 13 year member of SLOMC.
4810	Margarita Osth was born on Oct. 26, 1943, in Guatemala, Central America.
4811	Maria Ferm described it as “without doubt” the most difficult deal ever struck by the party.
4812	Marie Louise flew all over the world with her children, living in places like Singapore and Lagos.
4813	Markets in hyper-drive are extremely fragile.
4814	Markov: "European Union wants Russian and Azerbaijani gas to compete.
4815	Marquardt asked if Felkel would mind being put on a team of all “free-agents”—newcomers like Felkel who had signed up as individuals, not as part of a group.
4816	Marshall said the idea of sexual violence is a term that encompasses anything from physical sexual violence, harassment such as things written in sexist and misogynistic language on a window and anything related to homophobia and transphobia.
4817	Mars is by no means the only major player in the global food sector looking to build up its presence in pet care.
4818	Martin's opponent, Stephen Harper of the Conservative Party, organized the no confidence vote.
4819	Márton Gulyás at the Face to Face conference organised by PDCS organisation.
4820	Marvin's first writings appeared in the Children's section of the Oakland Tribune.
4821	Mary and her daughter agree Dr. McTague and the hospital should be held responsible.
4822	Maryland authorities are trying to get more animals to cross roads safely — often by going under them.
4823	Maryvale’s softball team defeated East Aurora Saturday for a third time this season, 3-2, to keep its dream of a Section VI championship alive.
4824	Mary Willa Bush, 86, of Blakely died Sunday, July 29, 2007.
4825	Massena is no closer than it ever was to finding a productive use for the old General Motors plant, despite the assistance of the GM-backed trust formed to clean up and market old manufacturing sites.
4826	Massive flooding has left at least six people dead and damaged thousands of homes around the state.
4827	Masters may only be six feet tall, but his speed and strength going to the rim have helped him get a lot of points.
4828	Masxive thumb uр for this blog pᥙt սρ!
4829	Matters are not helped by the fact that, incidentally, when electronic voting was introduced in Namibia in 2014, the ruling SWAPO improved its electoral fortunes to 77%.
4830	Matters, as I have just said, are of course not so simple.
4831	Matthew also plays basketball and always is ready for a good game of dodgeball.
4832	Matt Maher performs at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis Nov. 16 for the National Catholic Youth Conference.
4833	Matt Nieto scored for an Avalanche team that’s on the outside of the playoff picture with five games remaining.
4834	Matt Pateman (49), Dale Van Der Merwe (43) and Michael Pickard (38) all made solid contributions with the bat to help the locals reach 218.
4835	Maude Barret said money raised in the early days went to pay for a Drug Awareness Resistance Education officer in the schools.
4836	Maureen Harvey gives an account of life in Birmingham’s ‘squalid and cramped’ back-to-back housing during the 1950s in her new book Free Boots and Back-to-Backs.
4837	Mauritius thus faces a structural challenge to grow both its exports of goods and services for sustaining growth.
4838	Mavis Thomas, 62, of Cuero passed away on Sunday, Feb. 4, 2018.
4839	Max Engel (Emjay Anthony) is a kind, sensitive 12-year-old boy, who cherishes the festive season – and punches a classmate who dares to suggest Santa Claus is a cheap marketing ploy to sell soft drink.
4840	Maxine Waters stated, “As a member of congress I have been fighting against this president who is illegitimate.
4841	Maxwell said she is proud of Kemper and Lombardi for their accomplishments and sees this as an opportunity to motivate the team as a whole.
4842	"Maybe because he was not in the Hamptons, but rather doing retail politics in early primary states like Iowa and New Hampshire."
4843	“Maybe because of this article I’ll find the right wife and we’ll have children to give my watches to.”
4844	Maybe he wasn't real either.
4845	“Maybe it was because of overgrowth or maybe a disease.”
4846	Maybe Perry just really wanted to sell hope, but it's still curious that he did not mention the face.
4847	“Maybe someone comes in knowing coding and will leave with a love for sewing,” Finnigan says.
4848	Maybe something sci-fi inspired next time?
4849	Maybe things will have blown over enough by December that McCarthy can get the Republicans to relent and make him Speaker, but the guess here is they won’t.
4850	Maybe we’re living in a trashy age.
4851	Maybe you connected through a leadership program, or you’ve worked with your county agriculture agent to improve your family’s farm.
4852	May it model the life of your families, and in particular inspire the education of children and young people.
4853	Mayo man Liam Heffernan features in the final episode of Domestic Divas on Tuesday next October 7. Domestic Divas is a six part series on RTÉ One.
4854	Mayor Alviola and her husband Vice Mayor Alviola were unharmed Cebu City – One was injured after a grenade exploded in front of the residence of Bacong town Mayor Jocelyn Alviola and her husband Vice Mayor Lenin…
4855	Mayor Clayton Durnford says that his town has been battling for its removal for at least the past six years, even winning judgements.
4856	“MBK seems to be thin.
4857	McALEER, James (Jimmy) – Omagh, late of 31 Lissan View, 2nd May 2018, peacefully at Omagh Hospital after a short illness, surrounded by his family.
4858	McCarron tells The Hawk rates were a key focus in their financial plan.
4859	McCoy defends votes on taxes, budget, pensionsDepending on how it’s viewed, the General Assembly’s tax reform plan will either raise taxes on most Kentuckians or lower them.
4860	McEnany, a pro-Trump conservative pundit who appeared on CNN throughout the campaign season, announ.
4861	McGuffey said Gideon is a gifted math student with “God given talent.”
4862	McKenzie, 64, said he understands Highland Park’s troubles.
4863	“McKim got some opportunities to wrestle heavyweight in situations last year and hasn’t lost a varsity match,” Taylor stated.
4864	McKimm was thrilled with his players' efforts in their 2-1 Bostik Premier defeat against Billericay on Tuesday night - but not so impressed the game had to go ahead at all.
4865	McPhail said trying to work out an agreement with the railroad to accommodate such a feature would have delayed the project and possibly, put federal funds in jeopardy.
4866	McRae had 24 three-pointers for the season along with seven double-doubles.
4867	Meanwhile, Americans who had been told they were winning the Vietnam War had watched news reports with scenes looking like “hell on earth,” Willbanks said.
4868	Meanwhile, Clarke’s morning routine will still include coffee but not the bird feeder watching, at least for the time being.
4869	Meanwhile, Hichilema said there was no need for government to start firing striking workers.
4870	Meanwhile, high-school students have taken over several Buenos Aires schools to support the decriminalization of abortion.
4871	Meanwhile, investigation showed that treated nets remain the most effective and cheapest tool to prevent malaria.
4872	Meanwhile, Japanese carmaker Toyota recently backed a flying car project, Skydrive, hoping to light the 2020 Olympic torch with the airborne vehicle.
4873	Meanwhile, Kenya has experienced more terrorist attacks since its army moved into Somalia in 2011 to fight the radical Islamist group Al Shabab.
4874	Meanwhile, PBS Newshour indicated the number of people killed by police was slightly down from 991 in 2015.
4875	Meanwhile Pres Buhari has condemned the coup in Burkina Faso.
4876	Meanwhile, public transport only meets 8-10% of transport demand of local residents at present.
4877	Meanwhile, the search warrant authorized investigators to seize records relating to Mr. Cohen’s involvement and associates in the taxi business.
4878	Meanwhile, the U.S. vigorously opposes a proposed pipeline to bring gas from Iran to Pakistan.
4879	Meanwhile using oil revenue to fund the policy has been criticised.
4880	Meder has served on the Planning Commission for 5 years, as chairman at her terms end.
4881	Median increased in both areas on an annual basis.
4882	Media organizations spoke out against the recent Israeli policy of targeting press members and buildings, calling it a policy of frightening the media into silence.
4883	Media outlets report that the Louisville-Jefferson County Metropolitan Sewer District said Sunday that the closure of a section of River Road at West Washington Street and 7th Street has been delayed indefinitely.
4884	Medicare should care how poorly their moneys are used.
4885	Meek began his board service in 1990 when the hospital district was formed and assumed control of the former Noll Memorial Hospital.
4886	Meetings of the Committee shall adhere to all requirements of the Open Meetings Act.
4887	Mega Millions lotto officials confirmed Shane Missler, of Port Richey, was the lone winner of the Jan.
4888	Mehta explained that the charging infrastructure is being set up in prominent locations like cafes, restaurants and malls with the owners offering the space on a pro bono basis.
4889	Melania Trump’s favourite TV show is ‘How To Get Away With Murder’
4890	Melissa says, "Todd empowers us to take time out of the day to go and do nonprofit things."
4891	Melody McBride, 62, of Harwood, Texas, died September 23 in Harwood.
4892	Melvin said he would use the opportunity give a variety of players DH assignments.
4893	Members of La Rompe ONU had different roles in order to further the goals of the enterprise.
4894	Members of Ms Little’s family were present in the gallery.
4895	Members of the Babylon Board of Education unanimously adopted a $46 million budget for the 2012 – 2013 school year at the April 16, 2012 board meeting.
4896	Members of the cast include some familiar faces in lead roles from previous productions.
4897	Members of the Friends of the Library will receive an extra 10 percent discount on Friday, August 29 only - they must bring their membership card to receive a discount.
4898	Members of the Landmarks Preservation Commission gave little hint of their reaction Tuesday after they heard extensive testimony on General Growth Properties’ plan for the Seaport.
4899	MEMBERS of the legal community are becoming increasingly concerned that defendants in criminal cases could be left with huge legal bills – even if they are found innocent.
4900	Members of the public need only phone or radio the centre with an emergency or other problem, and the necessary will be done on a 24 hour basis.
4901	Members of the RCMP, community services, fire services, public health and city staff will participate in the group.
4902	Members of the volleyball team comprised the fourth group.
4903	Memorial contributions are suggested to Hospice Heartland of Mason.
4904	Memorial gifts may made to the Bryantsville Hunger Relief Fund, PO Box 1023, Bedford, IN 47421.
4905	Memorials may be made in her name to Hospice of Siouxland, 4300 Hamilton Blvd, Sioux City, IA 51104.
4906	Memorize this so you can have fun with the story.”
4907	Men don’t have the language to understand masculinity as anything other than some version of a caveman because no language exists,” Black said.
4908	Menendez had the support of the state’s Democratic establishment and nearly $6 million cash on hand, while McCormick said she was running a grassroots-driven campaign.
4909	“Men often do come in too late,” he said.
4910	Mention recreation in British Columbia to anyone, and among the images conjured will be those of kayakers, power boaters, yachting enthusiasts, and other aquatically inclined people having fun on the province’s innumerable waterways.
4911	MEPs were getting their reward for the nodding through of the EU-Canada trade CETA – five minutes of one on 751 face time with Justin Trudeau.
4912	Mercado says he’s pro-gun and believes in the Second Amendment while Chenault takes the middle ground approach and sees the pros and cons of both sides.
4913	Mercy Franciscan Hospital Western Hills Auxiliary has awarded four scholarships to recent graduates of west-side high schools.
4914	Merwin Holla Webster died on Thursday March 17, 2011 in Greenwich, CT.
4915	MESSAGE TO GOVERNOR: have you talked to PORTLAND?
4916	Metrorail management has asked Cape Town commuters to be patient amid ongoing delays, particularly on the Northern and Central lines.
4917	Meyer says one real-world application of the study could be that people need to get more rest throughout the day.
4918	Meysner himself is the president's personal doctor.
4919	Mgidlana said Parliament has this year improved rules, particularly for SONA.
4920	Michael D. Lockshin, MD, reviewed the findings for WebMD.
4921	Middlesbrough maintained pressure and went ahead with 13 minutes on the clock.
4922	MIDRAND – Man arrested by Rabie Ridge detective and faces charges of murder, arson and damage to property.
4923	Midway through trading Monday, the Dow traded up 0.57 percent to 24,971.68 while the NASDAQ climbed 0.49 percent to 7,438.79.
4924	Midwest Co-Pack purchased the former Ferrara Candy Company building to use as the primary supplier of The Pet Health People.
4925	Migrants and refugees queue at the compound outside the Berlin Office of Health and Social Affairs as they wait for their registration.
4926	Mike Finley's downtown beer garden Bierhaus is considered one of Castro Street's most successful businesses.
4927	Military spokesman Colonel Cyrus Oguna declined comment when asked whether security forces had set off the detonations or whether militants had set off explosives inside the building.
4928	Miller interrupted and said, “You are giving ammunition to the left.”
4929	Miller was not only shrewd but also congenial, and he liked having parties – especially at the beginning of May.
4930	Millions of dollars in contributions and deposits are floating around in the system unclaimed.
4931	Millions of people are displaced, hundreds of thousands people killed.
4932	"Mine is a sense of purpose that doesn't depend on the outcome of one case or another.
4933	Mining is not new to the people of Rapu-Rapu, a fourth-class municipality in Albay (Bicol Region).
4934	Minister of Export and Trade Jeremy Harrison said it is not uncommon for former premiers to become consultants or advisers, and he wished Wall well in his new role.
4935	Minister of Finance also expressed in the meeting that Afghanistan considers its membership and relationship with the Bank valuable and significant.
4936	Minnesota Department of Transportation spokesman J.P. Gillach says tree removal will begin near Avon for the 3,400 foot long noise barrier.
4937	Min was born prematurely but it certainly hasn't affected her growth, although she thinks she is more of a dog.
4938	Mio AuSable hosted Au Gres-Sims on Tuesday, Feb. 27. For full coverage of tonight’s game, including stats and scores, see next week’s paper.
4939	Miracle is boring and brings nothing to the table.
4940	Mirror: “Gerry and Kate McCann reveal the reasons why they miss Maddie”
4941	Mississippi ranked 50th this year, preceded by Arkansas (49), Louisiana (48), Kentucky (47) and Oklahoma (46).
4942	Misunderstandings and mistakes are common in married life.
4943	Mitch and Natalie (Lind) Kloster of Princeton are the parents of a son, Cooper Thomas, born April 4 at St. Margaret’s Hospital in Spring Valley.
4944	Mitsui’s unwavering focus on student success means he prioritizes diversity and inclusion as among PCC’s most important endeavors and commitments.
4945	Mkhwanazi, relaying the essence of the meeting by telephone.
4946	ML: What can people expect from the November 11 event?
4947	MMEC works with you and your team of managers and production employees to examine production requirements and assists you in designing a plant layout that best fits your needs and budget.
4948	Mobs which they say are well organised to disrupt operations.
4949	Modoc County Supervisors Tuesday opted to intervene in a lawsuit that could affect farming practices on Tule Lake and Lower Klamath National Wildlife Refuges.
4950	Moe says his view on the carbon tax will not be changed.
4951	Mohamed, a 27-year-old engineer, may be luckier than Waleed, but only in the sense that he does not have a family to support.
4952	Mohammed is currently Ban Ki-moon’s special adviser on post-2015 development planning.
4953	Molded more out of the likes.
4954	Moments after Mrs Senkyere remanded them; a gang of “machomen” thronged the court room and marched them (the suspects) from the dock.
4955	Mom took me to Worcester, in the Midlands, where she was working, and we moved around a bit from place to place.
4956	Monday at 16:15 PM, via htxt.
4957	Monday-Friday, 7:00-9:00 p.m., Saturday-Sunday, 7:00-8:00 p.m., on Intelsat 10 repeats M-F 9-11 p.m.
4958	Monday, he announced that his son, Matt Insell (pictured), would join the program as an assistant coach.
4959	Moneycontrol tried to contact these companies to verity this story.
4960	Money expert Clark Howard an inflation level somewhere as much as 5% a year should do the trick down the road.
4961	Money is a tool that allows us to acquire other things that we may desire.
4962	Monica Bodden tried to find out what happened to Eaton Carr.
4963	Monroe Clinic and the American Red Cross are hosting a blood drive on Monday, Oct. 22, from 10:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. The blood drive will be held in Founders Hall, which is located on the lower level of the clinic building on 515 22nd Ave. in Monroe.
4964	Montgomery gave Crabbe, the Pac-12’s leading scorer, a sharp push during a timeout early in the second half of Cal’s game Sunday against USC, hoping to motivate him.
4965	Months before their fight, Cormier was pulled from the event to replace in a UFC championship bout.
4966	More accessible information and education?
4967	More broadly, I think all employers should aspire to provide better benefits to their employees.
4968	More in this category:« Head in the sand: Eskom fails in a land of cheap energySouth Africa in the Fourth Industrial Revolution – a new opportunity to create more jobs and a better society »
4969	More leftist governments have come to power in Latin America and they are determined to decrease US sway over the southern hemisphere.
4970	More new members joined Prime last year in the United States and worldwide than in any prior year.
4971	More non-stop flight options between Comox and Calgary are coming soon.
4972	Moreover, according to the reports, the party was promised the posts of Armenia’s ministers of urban development and culture.
4973	Moreover, if multiple mega-banks sank simultaneously, bankruptcy courts could not manage the economy-wide crisis that would follow.
4974	Moreover, it has been working on human development programs in Man Aung township for two years.
4975	Moreover, when the weather got stormy, councillors ducked, refusing to return the media’s calls.
4976	More people browse bdnews24.com than ever before on mobile phones or tablets or phablets.
4977	More problematic though, I find it interesting that while different groups and individuals were meeting for the last year and a half throughout the state, AARP was always at the table and NEVER once voiced a concern re: Medicare.
4978	More recently, he’s suggested he’s keeping an open mind about climate change and about whether he’ll pull the U.S. out of the global emissions-cutting deal struck in Paris in 2015 that Obama helped broker.
4979	More than 10,000 people attended the Expo, a record crowd for the event in its fourth year.
4980	More than 10 years ago, over 700 scientists signed up on the Internet denying Darwin’s Theory.
4981	More than 30 flavors of ice cream are cranked out at the LSU Dairy Store each week, including Tiger Bite, a golden vanilla and blueberry combo that pays homage to the school colors.
4982	More than 30 venues located at businesses throughout Grand Haven’s downtown and Centertown neighborhoods will have local artwork on display and wine to sample.
4983	More than 60 people packed a meeting room at the Marin County Office of Education in San Rafael on Friday to participate in a workshop designed to address the issue of child homelessness.
4984	More than 9,000 US jurisdictions will work together to add up digital and paper ballots on Election Day.
4985	More than 9,500 drug addicts are taking part in detoxification and rehabilitation programmes at rehabilitation facilities in the city and more than 1,300 addicts are undergoing rehab at home.
4986	More than a billfold was stored in the trunk, however.
4987	More than any time before, the last fourteen months have clearly though us about the saying “Everything will be fine at the end, but if it is not fine, then it is not the end”.
4988	More than half of the calls involved children under the age of 5 ingesting, inhaling or getting the substance in their eyes or on the skin.
4989	More than half of wetlands have been lost during the twentieth century, mostly due to these pressures.
4990	Morneau defended the government's approach to addressing the socio-economic conditions of indigenous peoples.
4991	Morocco has always considered the dispute over the Western Sahara a result of a historic misunderstanding that was created in part following the Sand War of 1963 in which the Moroccan army humiliated its Algerian counterpart.
4992	• Morpeth Town Hall on Saturday, July 14 from 10am to 4pm.
4993	Moses Mbye will be fondly farewelled from Belmore on Saturday but his early exit could mean Canterbury end up keeping Aaron Woods, with Cronulla coach Shane Flanagan revealing negotiations for the front-rower have stalled.
4994	Most activity in the country relates to the military, one of the largest in Africa.
4995	Most countries have there capital in locations far from the centre.
4996	Most EU/EFTA citizens – and their relatives or partners – can live and work in Switzerland without restrictions, but need to obtain a residence permit.
4997	Most firms subject to the law established such committees but either did not use the committees or did not turn them into effective instruments for improving workplace conditions.
4998	Most of my life we were not close, and we only really bonded late in my schooling.
4999	Most of their time is spent outdoors.
5000	Most of them are hiding, as animals often do.
5001	Most of them hide behind untraceable fake profiles.”
5002	“Most of these programs are three or four years old.
5003	Most of the videos where shot there, except of the official one for Liigutage Peput, that was shot in Canary Islands.
5004	Most of this cooperation only ended following the raid that killed al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden in 2011, he adds.
5005	MOST of us are driving too much car, or SUV, for the daily grind of guerrilla traffic.
5006	Most resilient species of pests have already found ways to dodge the effects of frigid temperatures, regardless of how cold it gets outside.
5007	Most sports involve some level of physical risk, and Olympic contests are no exception.
5008	Most were passing, but she did not consider them wrong in retrospect.
5009	Mother Alice recalls one incident.
5010	Mother Johanna Marie Melnyk, OSB, is newly elected as prioress of Holy Angels Convent in Jonesboro after the community spent a month in discernment.
5011	“Mother nature can cause such temperature changes on her own,” he said.
5012	Mother Nature respects…no one…if she has to rain in the stadium….she will.
5013	• Mother’s Day is Sunday, May 8. If you would like to have a Mother’s Day shout-out aired on the “Rejoice” Radio Broadcast on Mother’s Day, please call Sheralyn Brinson at 407-321-4881.
5014	Motion Made by Bob Carlson seconded by MerriLea Kyllo to approve a calendar change for 2014-2015 in combining two half day staff development days to one full day to accommodate special offering.
5015	Motion made by Nabholz, seconded by Russell, to approve the April 17, 2018 minutes.
5016	Motorsport: Holden driver Nick Percat is set to notch up race start number 150 in Darwin on Saturday.
5017	Mountain West Cider—teaming up with Red Rock Brewery and Tullamore Dew—continues to help turn its particular corner of Salt Lake City's west side into a place for revelry, with this free admission post-parade extravaganza.
5018	Movable white boards so they could study together,” Bott said.
5019	MOVING SALE: 5 rooms of wall-to-wall Berber carpet & pad for 3 bedroom base housing - $500 OBO; Little Tikes Kitchen with LOTS of accessories - $45; toy shopping cart - $10.
5020	Mpofu, told a Matabeleland North Provincial Co-ordinating Committee meeting on Saturday in Lupane that he was fed up with top officials whose names he did not mention, whom he said were appointed to help the President execute his duties but were now…
5021	Mr. Adams died Sunday, Aug. 14, in Tyler.
5022	Mr Alkhateeb fled the fighting in Syria about five years ago and spent time living in Zaatari refugee camp before moving to Amman and marrying his wife Tuqa.
5023	Mr. and Mrs. Greg Walker of Pearson, Georgia are pleased to announce the forthcoming marriage of their daughter Lauren Ashley to Mr. Patrick Louis Friel, son of Mr. and Mrs. Tom Friel of St.
5024	Mr. Arrington was born July 25, 1923, in Chidester, AR., to Stevens Harmon and Laura Louise Tribble Arrington.
5025	Mr Assange, who enraged Washington by publishing a flood of secret US diplomatic cables, fled to the embassy for fear that, if extradited to Sweden, he could be sent on to the United States and face a long prison term there for leaking US secrets.
5026	Mr Cooke still refers to himself as an amateur despite having now made 12 violins, four violas, two cellos and a ukulele.
5027	Mr Core said the chamber was looking at even more projects for the remainder of this year.
5028	“Mr Evans could see that he was urinating.
5029	Mr Hooton joined Vision Australia in January 2013 after guiding Pro-Care Health Limited (NZ), New Zealand’s largest Primary Healthcare Organisation, to a leading position in the primary health care sector.
5030	Mr Kwadzokpo said this at a public education and …
5031	Mr. mayor, why after a very wet year with plenty rain do we have a water shortage Upcountry?
5032	Mr. Miller candidly admits he doesn't know at the moment from what source he'll take that $200,000.
5033	Mr Minister had been promising a reasonable budget.
5034	Mr. President, the meaning of the Charter in 2001 is significantly at variance with its meaning in 1945, and this reality is reflective of changes in the world that have occurred in the intervening period.
5035	Mr Pucci said he hoped Logan would continue to thrive under Labor's Linus Power.
5036	MR PUMBLECHOOK burst into country cups contention when the lightly raced Tamworth gelding won Tuesday’s $20,000 ClubsNSW Winter Dash Open Handicap (1100m) at Armidale.
5037	Mr. Rodriguez then shared his testimony: "This is something very sad that happened to a man.
5038	Mr Sall also recalled Zambiaâ€™s long history of warm hospitality and peace.
5039	Mrs. Annette Bray Chambers, age 80, of McDonough, Ga., passed away June 20, 2017.
5040	Mrs. Beverly Swasey, Chair of the Society, announced before the journey that walking together signifies unity and support for the cancer patients.
5041	Mrs. Hataway passed away Saturday, Jan.
5042	Mr. Siddiqui also defines “Daesh” as a new serious threat against the Afghan National Security and states that a special group of Afghan National Security is formed to fight against “Daesh”.
5043	Mrs Jones had her first son, Joseph, when she was just 17 years old - and is also mum to six-year-old twin boys and an eight-year-old daughter.
5044	Mr. Sonko added that 60% of the revenue collected from the taxpayers must come back to the people in the form of development in the various wards.
5045	Mr. Thompson was a U.S. Army Veteran and served in Vietnam.
5046	Mr. Trump said during a joint press conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on April 27 that he was considering two locations for the site of the summit.
5047	Mr Trump said on Thursday that Mr Cohen handles very little of his legal work, but did represent him in the "crazy Stormy Daniels deal".
5048	Mr. Trump weighed in on Twitter: “ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming).
5049	Mr Willis, his wife Lisa and their two sons will travel overseas for the first time to attend the ceremony, along with a number of Tarlee residents and school children from Tarlee Primary School.
5050	Mr Zammit Tabona became partner of the local branch of Turquand Youngs & Co. in 1972 and was a senior partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers until his retirement from active practice in March, 2000.
5051	Mr Zimmerman said for some retailers, it was not even financially worthwhile to open on Sundays.
5052	Ms Ali said she was “delighted” to have been elected as she addressed crowds in the Royal Victoria Dock exhibition hall.
5053	Ms Amal Pepple, the Minister of Lands, Housing and Urban Development, on Tuesday accused the staff of the Federal Housing Authority (FHA) of hiding housing files for their personal benefits.
5054	Ms Bismarck said the demands of multi-modal and inter-modal transport come with their peculiar challenges at land borders and transport routes which are different from problems encountered by shippers at the seaports.
5055	Ms Burch said that had been extremely frustrating.
5056	Ms. Cardwell won the essay contest for sixth through eighth grades in California.
5057	Ms Cusack explained that Storm Fionn was not a traditional swirling vortex storm and that Met Eireann had issued the storm warning because of the risk of high seas and dangerous conditions on Ireland’s west coast.
5058	Ms. Fry is joined by two ex-mayors removed from office by voters for opposing the Menlo Park Pension Reform Initiative (2010's Measure L, which I was the Co-Chairman of), and several ex-mayors legendary for their opposition to development in Menlo Park.
5059	Ms James was reportedly held with 2 kilos of cocaine.
5060	Ms Lamptey gave the warning when she appeared before the Appointments Committee of Parliament for vetting for the new position.
5061	M S Mani, partner, Deloitte India, said the government needs to work on a “mechanism to handle refund claims which do not fully reconcile with the returns filed earlier”.
5062	Ms. Raj sees being a doctor as a way to really live out her faith.
5063	Ms. Steward, who is nowadays a journalism teacher at Mount Royal University and a columnist for the Toronto Star, was a colleague of mine at the Herald back in the 1970s.
5064	Ms. White continued: “It is key to note that persons with ASD frequently have other medical disorders and health issues such as gastro-intestinal disorders, seizures, sleep disturbances, ADHD, anxiety and phobia.
5065	Mt. Zion No. 2 Baptist Church’s Annual Women’s Conference will be Saturday, Dec. 16 at 10 a.m. The theme will be “Woman.”
5066	Much as we like Cornish game hen, swordplay and mead, we decided to see something more reflective of our Canadian heritage.
5067	Much greater reductions could be achieved by simply enforcing current sprinkling restrictions.
5068	'Much of his family is dead and we are looking for him.
5069	Much of that has to do with the weak economy, but another part could be related to the decline of coal and the rise of cleaner-burning natural gas.
5070	Mullen came to Columbus from Chicago, where he was a civil rights attorney with a nonprofit advocating for people with disabilities.
5071	Murphy says Stephenson was a volunteer worker for the museum's Judith River Dinosaur Institute.
5072	“Murphysboro has the Apple Festival.
5073	Murugavel Paramanathan addressed in the meeting introducing the book to the well attended audience.
5074	Museums and classical books also shaped my art.
5075	Mushfiq, for his part, needs to grow a thicker skin (something you wouldn’t think to prescribe, after six years on the job) or put his leadership on the line – if you’re restricted from setting your own fielding position, you’ve got to resign as captain.
5076	Mushroom foraging has never been a pastime in Texas, unlike in the Pacific Northwest.
5077	“Music is probably the greatest gift that we have other than life itself.”
5078	Music professors are working with the university’s cancer center to pursue music therapy.
5079	Muzza 3/8, Reece Owen 2/7 and Scooter Keville 2/10 the match winners.
5080	"My ambition is to run the 5-kilometre run in Melbourne when I am 100," he said.
5081	My body has survived on the dal, chawal and chapatti of India,” he said.
5082	My brother Bishops and I continue to call upon Congress to work towards a bipartisan and humane solution as soon as possible."
5083	"My dad" says Brigitte's son Heiko, "he would get up in the morning, clean out the monkey pen before he went to work."
5084	"My dad was a voracious news reader.
5085	'My daughter and I got dual citizenship to secure her future after Brexit'
5086	My daughter and I have a relationship, and she sees her father and his wife for who they are.
5087	“My daughter is here with me, one of my daughters.
5088	My day usually begins with checking my emails and reading the and other news sites followed by some kind of workout depending on if there is time.
5089	"My dream is to get a gold medal at the Olympic Games," the young athlete told the Sun in an exclusive interview last Friday afternoon.
5090	My experience at JMSB has been so much more than the disinterested profs I’ve had, the classes I’ve struggled in, the stuck up people I’ve walked by in the lobby.
5091	My faith was challenged.
5092	My family of friends at WTCR, WBVB, WKEE and WVHU gave me a great send-off.
5093	My father was a Holocaust survivor, spent time in Auschwitz.
5094	My father, who was then eighty-two and has had white hair for as long as I can remember, guided me to a collection of Canadian postwar paintings on the second floor.
5095	My favourite news story of 2013 has the be The Daily Currant’s reporting of Sarah Palin allegedly calling for an invasion of the Czech Republic on Fox News, because the chief suspects of the Boston bombings were Chechen.
5096	My first undergraduate degree was in economics and political science at the University of Winnipeg.
5097	My friend Father George Bowling, now deceased, a priest of the Archdiocese of Louisville, Ky., once told me how his life changed when he was a young priest serving at St. Augustine Parish in Louisville in the mid-1950s.
5098	“My goal for Winter Ball is to negotiate a better price and potentially a more affordable venue to increase student involvement.
5099	My goal this year is to accomplish all 100, with the help of my friends.
5100	My grandmother housed several officers from the local base in her home, and my mother was involved with the Officer’s Club, where she sang with the band.
5101	My grandpa, chief of Doig, used to say: ‘There is lots of medicine there.’
5102	"My great-grandmother appeared in the last few chapters, when she began her first steps into philanthropy.
5103	“My hope with the mini-exhibit is to transport the viewer back for a moment in time; as they peer inside the room,” said curator Heather Upton who designed the exhibit.
5104	My husband has some different nature.
5105	“My junior year was tough, I was always cutting class,” Marquez told the crowd.
5106	“My life is a little kooky,” she told The Cut, “but a lot of fun.”
5107	My Ma couldn’t kill it, Mrs Cusack had to kill it because she was a country woman and it was hung up on the back door.
5108	My mom and dad didnâ€™t necessarily have the means to (put their children through graduate school) but they were so selfless.
5109	MY new wife turned into a monster on our wedding day.
5110	My own government wants to take away my 94-year-old mother's Social Security check and chuck her out into the street.
5111	My second favorite meat is hamburger.
5112	“My subordinates have always been great.
5113	My suspicion is that some people are inconsistent and have biased views about money and power.
5114	My team and I are able to deliver that and much more,” she said.
5115	“My thoughts are with her family, friends, and colleagues who miss her, and all those she inspired.”
5116	My toddler son amazes me with how interested he is in all types of music.
5117	My veranda looking over the canefields all the way to the sea – can’t be beat.
5118	"My wife had a breakdown and I have been feeling suicidal, I have been to war and seen some horrible things but nothing has taken its toll on me like this," Tony said.
5119	My wife speaks fluent spanish.
5120	Najibullah Azizi 50% of the population will access to information technology services, especially the Internet by the end of 2020.
5121	Namely, the bank enables clients to take a pawn loan under preferential conditions.
5122	NANOWorks, which specializes in chamber operas by North American composers, will perform at 7:30 p.m. May 10 in OWU’s Sanborn Hall, 23 Elizabeth St., Delaware.
5123	Napoli has just hired the Italian Carlo Ancelotti as their new technical director, achieving an impressive quality jump for the club.
5124	NASELLE — Henry “Hank” Pellervo, 94, a lifelong resident of Naselle, died at home on May 27, 2018.
5125	Nathan Tomlinson, from Brinnington, Stockport, went missing in heavy snow in December 2010 after a Christmas party in Manchester.
5126	National Charity League members lead games for residents at Lytton Gardens, a retirement community in Palo Alto.
5127	National Consumer Law Center examination of plans in the U.S. said prepayment “allows companies to sidestep critical consumer protections that have evolved over decades.”
5128	National Day of Prayer will be observed locally at 6:30 p.m. Thursday, May 1, at Bella Vista Community Church, 75 E. Lancashire Blvd.
5129	Natural liberals, who instinctively enjoy diversity and are happy with radical social change – so long as it’s in an egalitarian direction – are now represented by both sides of the political establishment.
5130	Nature won on Sunday in Minden.
5131	Navalny has said that he will use his following to organize “voters’ strikes” to encourage people to stay away from polling stations on election day.
5132	NBA players react to team's sexual misconduct allegationsDallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban also accepted sole responsibility for allowing a staffer to keep his job after two alleged domestic violence incidents.
5133	NBZLive made a post suggesting that Carcamo, who was reported missing in 2014, is alive and living in the United States.
5134	“NDMO wishes to advice members of the public to continue being vigilant during the ongoing rainfall being experienced around the country.
5135	NDP leader Andrea Horwath makes a campaign announcement on health care in Brampton, Ont., on Monday, May 14, 2018.
5136	Nearly 3 million customs records have been processed online.
5137	Neason McClain was arrested after fleeing from a traffic stop on foot on May 27. Troopers say the car he was driving was stolen and contained several firearms.
5138	Neighborhood Friends Care (NFC) ambition goes further than just helping those with limited resources and/ or abilities within the Frostburg area.
5139	Neighbors told investigators that a one-armed man had been in the area looking for Brown for the past two weeks.
5140	Neither is it about the disappointment of political management of Nigerian democracy.
5141	“Neither of those values that are competing right now are bad things.
5142	Neither was Garcia, as a Masters win had finally been added to the veteran’s resume.
5143	Neither were other players, but they still played.
5144	Nellie has said “I went to a one-room school ‘til I was in seventh grade.
5145	Neon is used less now for individual “channel letters” as sign makers turn to low-voltage LED lights, which cost more but draw less electricity.
5146	"Nesta and I are still friends.
5147	Neufeld said he supports all students while the other trustees went further to mention bullying and intimidation regardless of gender, race and sexual orientation.
5148	Neuroscientist David Eagleman explores the human brain in an epic series that reveals the ultimate story of us, why we feel and think the things we do.
5149	Nevada's craft beer scene is booming, but will the buzz wear off?
5150	“Never before have I seen this desire among employees to change the world.
5151	Never mind - I had a brain cramp.
5152	Nevertheless, the sheer size of the roster of marquis names illustrates just how far some elder statesmen on government pensions will go to fund their (very) golden years.
5153	Nevertheless, Viets says her son was scared.
5154	Nevin said “We have noted some comments raising concerns about the credibility of the forensic audit report because it has not been made public.
5155	New attraction while we can’t look after the ones we have?
5156	Newbold and Jo-Ann Brant, dean of academics, will act as co-chairs.
5157	New changes to UK laws are set to have a big impact on UK drivers when they come into place this month.
5158	NEW DELHI: Aligning with the government's "Digital India" initiative, tech major Oracle on Wednesday validated Oracle Cloud Platform to develop applications using India Stack services.
5159	New Delhi enjoys close relations with Afghanistan and both accuse common neighbour Pakistan of not doing enough to stop Islamist militants operating on its territory.
5160	“New facilities would drive the choice by students to come here and stay here,” he said.
5161	New Life has served the children of Miller County for years by providing them with an opportunity to learn, grow and develop through the Arts.
5162	New liquor store to open this fall on Ohio 48 in south Centerville Owners of Sugarcreek Twp. store won contract for new liquor store on State Route 48.
5163	Newman reported the vehicle exited I-81 with law enforcement in pursuit.
5164	New owners renovate Kinsella Hotel - The Weekly ReviewWhy Choose Newspapers?
5165	New Palestine's Jacob Bain defends third base during their game in the sectional final game against Cathedral on Monday, May 28, 2018.
5166	New Ranking: Which Country Is Best For Kids?
5167	News 8's Shawn Styles was able to get a tour of critical training laboratory and shows us more.
5168	News media were not abuzz with the decisions of the meeting, however.
5169	News that a school district in Middle Georgia may allow some of its staff to carry guns while at work because of the approval of their county school board is scary and reason to worry.
5170	New survey questions concert series’ relevance, tries to map out its future.
5171	“New tech companies like Google, eBay, Uber -- all these companies that you’re seeing come about -- they’re much more progressive,” said Craig Agranoff, founder of PoliticalConsulting.com and co-founder of Gripd.
5172	Newt Gingrich is taking Spanish lessons, reaching out to Hispanic community leaders and supports “finding a way for residency” for some illegal immigrants.
5173	New this session, classes will be held at the Maui Research and Technology Park in Kihei.
5174	New this year, a pre-show event to be held at 5:30 p.m. allows patrons to meet Boston Ballet staff and participate in dance-related activities.
5175	New to the Review this year is the Farm Safety Scene, a tabletop hazard hunt depicting a farm.
5176	Newtown Middle School was silent, no hallway chatter, no lockers clanging, except for students’ names being called over the intercom as their parents arrived to pick them up.
5177	NEW YORK (CNNMoney) - The First National Bank of Amazon?
5178	New young families say they want bigger homes and the Prairie Village location is ideal — good schools, walkability, plentiful trees and parks, close access to Prairie Village shops and proximity to Kansas City and other metro area suburbs.
5179	Next time, and soon we hope, they’ll will also benefit from this funding program.
5180	Next was youngster Holly Satterly, with a super run of 41m.29 placing her 55th overall, followed by her father Charlie Satterly who ran a good 42m.57 in 64th place.
5181	Next week motions to support the family will be debated in the Lower House,” said Regional Affairs Minister Enrico Costa.
5182	Next year will be the 50th anniversary of Woodstock, the seminal 1969 music festival that turned the former Prankster Hugh Romney into hippie icon Wavy Gravy.
5183	NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell says he wants all players to stand during the national anthem.
5184	NHA asks construction firm to replace 3 houses for Zambo ‘bakwits’
5185	NHL players have attended every Winter Olympics since 1998 and one, Alex Ovechkin, said he would go in 2018 regardless of the league's stance.
5186	Nichelle Nichols at the Dragon Con awards banquet.
5187	Nickerson was sacked by MK Lightning after he punched a fan in the aftermath of their defeat to Guildford Flames on Sunday.
5188	NICK HUMBLE will be the speaker Wednesday, 7 a.m., for the His Hands Extended devotions.
5189	Nick subsequently worked in the metal fabrication and welding fields where angle grinders and welding equipment were tools of the trade.
5190	Nico Rosberg cruised to victory in the first Formula One race held in Azerbaijan on Sunday and increased his championship lead over Mercedes team mate Lewis Hamilton to 24…
5191	Nigeria and Morocco yesterday in Rabat, Morocco, signed three agreements including a regional gas pipeline that will see Nigeria providing gas to countries in West Africa that extend to Morocco and Europe.
5192	Nigeria 'in a state of emergency' LAGOS - The speaker of Nigeria's lower chamber, the House of Representatives, has said the deployment of the armed forces in more than 28 states means the country is effectively under a state of emergency.
5193	Nigerian man regrets returning missing 500K after the owner rewarded him with ‘just 2k’
5194	”Nigerians should record this and design e-cards to inundate social media, NASS and politicians to fulfil Global Goals Goalkeepers ABC-…
5195	Nils Andreassen will be headed to the League's office in Juneau after being a part of the Institute of the North, where he worked with Arctic nations and organizations.
5196	Nineteen seconds is a long period, and the longer the period the bigger the waves.
5197	Ninety thousand bodies were never identified and 42,000 never recovered.
5198	NISSAN has taken everyone by surprise revealing an ‘Open Top’ version of the new Leaf 2018.
5199	No, Barr is more than an Ambien-enhanced racist; she’s what happens when a struggling network (ABC) sells out in a bid to capture Donald Trump’s base.
5200	“Nobody can deny that what happened to the Rosenzweigs was terrible.
5201	Nobody had ever heard anything like this guy, and in reality nobody has ever heard anything like it since.
5202	No, but it just goes to show not all scientists/mathematicians were apolitical.
5203	No charges will be filed following Sunday’s fatal vehicle vs. pedestrian accident at Winchester that resulted in the death of a Lewis County man.
5204	No county passes will be accepted at the game.
5205	No details provided.
5206	No doubt dissatisfied over the ruling of the Chief Justice, the mob of PNC supporters who had noisily gathered in front of the court, immediately went on a rampage through the commercial district.
5207	Noel, the Isle of Mull Hotel head chef and his professional staff, prepared a sumptuous feast using locally donated food.
5208	No employees were injured.
5209	No fishing license is required, and anglers will be allowed to harvest up to five trout each.
5210	No further action was necessary.
5211	“No, Grandpa, the government says you lost a shack in Eritrea and now you have a shack in this camp.
5212	No group claimed responsibility for the deadly attack on the Sa’ad Ben ‘Ubada mosque in Benghazi.
5213	No matter how complex.
5214	No mercy should be given to anyone still operating or advertising illegal rentals.
5215	None of her children went to Huffman High.
5216	None of them are complicated; some are quirky.
5217	Nonetheless, the committee’s failure to propose laws that incriminate those found practising witchcraft renders the conviction of anyone suspected of witchcraft illegal.
5218	Non-indigenous species are easier to cultivate.
5219	No offense, Democrats, but everything is not about you.
5220	“No one counted on us, We were the number one seed in our own house.
5221	No one knew his name or had ever talked to him.
5222	No one wanted to be held accountable for their beliefs.
5223	"No one was allowed to enter the site without authorisation," he added.
5224	No other tourist spending can occur until that’s under control.
5225	No politician is completely honest, very few humans are but he is way above the others.
5226	Nor can China, any more than the US, compel or cajole either India or Pakistan to make the hard compromises necessary for mutual accommodation.
5227	No related documents have been released, but even alone it is important.
5228	Norris' initiative succeeded beyond any expectation.
5229	Northborough - Sometimes, it is nice to reflect.
5230	North Charleston Police say they have taken a 17-year-old and a 20-year-old into custody after an early-morning shooting.
5231	Northern Afghanistan Kunduz strike: US to compensate victims of hospital bombing.
5232	North Korean defectors who have managed to escape their repressive homeland face the challenges of integration in their new home.
5233	North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, left, and South Korean President Moon Jae-in embrace while meeting Saturday.
5234	North Korean leader Kim Jong-un meets scientists and technicians in the field of research into nuclear weapons.
5235	North Pacific is owned by Marubeni, one of Japan’s largest seafood trading houses, which paid an estimated $8 million for the company.
5236	Norton grew up watching her father, Jerry Norton, entertain crowds across the nation as a famous rodeo clown.
5237	No. So it’s just one of those days where you’re in a rock and a hard place to play a team like that in the middle of region.”
5238	Nostalgica has a great selection of local and domestic beers, but the Barking Squirrel Lager is the best choice for an afternoonâ€”or late morningâ€”drink in the sun.
5239	No state in the world recognise the baseless Moroccan claims to that land.
5240	"Not all of those are unaccompanied, but we also have evidence that a large proportion might be," he said, adding that the 10,000 is likely to be a conservative estimate.
5241	Not all students have cars, and all students are restricted by a school schedule.
5242	Not because of Arnold or petitions or minor modifications but because the pensioners have raided the candy jar and it's all gone.
5243	Not everyone thinks like that, but it seems like a lot of people have been thinking like that these days."
5244	Not for nothing does open on a minutes-long scene of grunt-heavy lovemaking between Isabelle and a portly banker (Xavier Beauvois) and end with a 15-minute introspective dialogue between Isabelle and an apparent love psychic, played by Gerard Depardieu.
5245	No, the voters of Portland will decide that in 2012.
5246	No, they didn’t imagine it.
5247	Nothing happens by chance or by means of good luck.
5248	Nothing I could come up with would suffice.
5249	Noting that the U.S. bishops in their 1979 pastoral letter “Brothers and Sisters to Us,” identified racism as a sin, the cardinal said that evil has spanned continents and centuries and continues in today’s world.
5250	“Not just upsetting, it’s literally crippling.”
5251	Not long after he became transportation minister, Murray mused about Metrolinx’s overall plan and suggested that lines on its map were merely “placeholders.”
5252	Not one of the elected parties -- Liberals, Conservatives, NDP, Bloc Quebecois -- appears to have the slightest interest in fending off the US takeover of our economy, our culture, our future society.
5253	“Not only because the show is being held in February, but because we’re living in a time where we could all use a little more love and compassion.”
5254	Not only do the likes of Adrian Hussain and Ilona Yusuf make an entrance, but one discovers newer stars like Kyla Pasha and Afshan Shafi.
5255	Not only has the FBI not retracted their false charges, they continue to repeat them.
5256	Not pictured is Drew Stewart.
5257	Not really it depends on the issues.
5258	No trees to get in the way of business.
5259	Not since 2011 has the team put a dent in the NL Central.
5260	Not surprisingly, a significant number of them staged protest in Delhi on 3 May demanding that they should be taken into confidence regarding any decision about their return to the Valley.
5261	"Not thinking about the elbow.
5262	Not to mention London and Paris.
5263	Not to put too fine a point on it, but the best way to get more oil into TAPS is to, you know, drill for oil.
5264	Not totally open, of course—Ive’s design studio, for instance, would be shrouded by translucent glass—but more open than Infinite Loop.
5265	Notwithstanding that I had a discussion with the chief of the international agency or department and he did apologise and now we are moving ahead,” Field is quoted by the Department of Public Information as saying.
5266	Nova said that her mother’s family arrived on Ellis Island from Russia.
5267	“Novel and optimistic though these submissions are, they are unconvincing and must fail,” Priestley wrote.
5268	November 14, 2014 2:45 pmProtesters in Missouri are reportedly planning to shut down Clayton following a grand jury decision on whether a suburban St. Louis officer who shot unarmed teen Michael Brown should face charges.
5269	November 2011 - Guyana Chronicle Arts & Entertainment Latest Arts & Entertainment Articles Kids of Sophia Holding Centre, Tiger Bay…
5270	November 2 Francisco Tejada, 22, 38 Marie Ave., Everett, was arrested on warrants.
5271	No Volveré (I Will Not Return) explores the everyday lives of Santa Cruz and Monterey Bay’s working class communities as its residents struggle to adapt to massive cultural and economic shifts that have beset the region.
5272	Now 23-5 on the season, the Lions will travel to Pryor for the Class 5A regional tournament this week.
5273	Now add salt and pepper and wine.
5274	Now a few months later, they’re back – and just as readable as ever.
5275	Now a general practitioner registrar at Dubbo Regional Hospital, Dr Nielsen was invited to give a keynote address at the annual ICPA conference.
5276	Now Amina Lawal is counting her remaining days on earth and President Obasanjo is dreading the day he would weep for her.
5277	Now based in Albany, Israeli-born vocalist Zorn began her musical training at the age of six, studying classical piano before discovering a passion for folk and classical singing.
5278	Now everybody is asking him who is his daddy?
5279	Now firmly based in Vancouver, ITSAZOO Theatre began in Victoria as a UVic theatre student company, co-founded by Chelsea Haberlin, Sebastian Archibald and Colby Wilson in 2004.
5280	Now he’s a has-been who still parties like a rock star.
5281	Now, he’s joining his relatives Tyler and Jordan Tardi as a fifth at the world juniors in Scotland next month.
5282	“Now he sleeps with us.
5283	Now, I’d like to say I’m really glad to see there are a decent amount of Linux users around here.
5284	Now I feel incredibly motivated and I can’t wait to support more people to lead healthier, happier lives in 2016.”
5285	Now, improbably, it’s the second week of Roland Garros and he has to beat Dominic Thiem to make the final.
5286	Now in its eighth year, Sweet Apple continues to bring local produce and products to the community throughout the year.
5287	Now is the time you need to be planning your summer containers, whether you are going for uniform colours and types of pots, annuals or permanent plantings.
5288	Now it supports them.
5289	Now, many people can say, “to each their own” and think that this is not really important.
5290	No wonder they were angry and panicking when they finally decided to tell Jesus.
5291	Now, ordinary city dwellers should resist that phenomenon.
5292	Now researchers are hunting a way to stave off the damage, by targeting the little energy factories that power cartilage cells.
5293	Now she has a special television program just for kids!
5294	Now that builds my confidence in your reporting honesty.
5295	Now that the bridge is closed we have no way out of Kortright Hills except via Downey Road.
5296	Now that the currencies carry Nigeria’s other two major languages besides Hausa, all the other languages, especially the big minority ones like Ijaw, Tiv.
5297	Now that they are in flower the difference is really obvious and there must be five times as many flower heads on the plants that were pruned.
5298	"Now that we put that in there, it seems like my purse is so big and I don't need a purse that big," said Mouser.
5299	Now that you know everything about the latest digital payment tools, go ahead and take your pick.
5300	Now the Eagles are looking to chalk up another mark against recent history, when they travel to take on Carrara Saints on Saturday.
5301	“Now there’s a larger population out there that is not communicating through those outlets, so it’s becoming harder to reach out and educate people.
5302	Now today, I’m very happy to prove to you that Nepal and its peace process provide a rare opportunity that, for a change, something is going right, towards the right direction.
5303	Now, we will carry on until the job is done.
5304	Now you can get our newspaper mailed straight to your home or business.
5305	“Now you’re hearing about the so-called scourge of illegal immigrants committing crimes in these sanctuary cities, which is a pretty rare event,” he said.
5306	N reciprocation, the Western world is also beginning to warm up towards it.
5307	NSW Rural Fire Service manager Far South Coast team, incorporating Eurobodalla and the Bega Valley, John Cullen was given the award as part of the Australia Day honours.
5308	"Numbers are going up, there are more people finding out about it," Braza says.
5309	Nuno Espirito Santo's team face fellow promoted side Fulham away on Boxing Day and are in London again three days later when they take on Tottenham at their new White Hart Lane stadium.
5310	NYC Community Media publisher Jennifer Goodstein (second row, on left) and editor-in-chief Paul Schindler (second row, on right) with (most of) the honorees at the newspaper’s 2016 Impact Awards.
5311	OAG said he has intentionally misused his power of position for other’s benefit violating the ACC act 2011.
5312	Oak Furniture Land achieved a 71% increase in sales over the period.
5313	Oakville’s annual Pink in the Rink at Sixteen Mile Sports Complex was a success both on and off the ice, with the Blades taking the 2-1 victory over the Wellington Dukes on Friday night.
5314	Oancea, the high roller, finished a half-point below TeamVR And two teams with amateur gamblers — Jarhead (Montoro, Burns and Levine) and All You Can Eat — finished with striking win records of 64 percent, tying for sixth place and each winning $56,870.
5315	"Obviously I would never have been there without my mum and dad and the experiences that they gave me growing up on the farm in Bundaberg."
5316	Occasionally, some advertisements, although deemed questionable, cannot be refused, or are sometimes missed in our screening process.
5317	October 12, 2011 - A suspected top Los Zetas drug cartel leader, Carlos Oliva Castillo, alias "La Rana," or "The Frog," is arrested for allegedly ordering the attack on the Monterrey casino.
5318	October 12, 2011 By Bill Mullaly The future of the Lenawee County Athletic Association (LCAA) became much clearer last Thursday when the current member schools voted to add two new members, Hillsdale and Brooklyn Columbia Central, for the 2012-13 school…
5319	Of course, I posed the obvious question: "So what do you think of UPEI?"
5320	Of course, most observers believe that Kia's management will lower incentives or cut overtime work in order to restrain the rapid increase of its total spending on wages.
5321	Of course, smaller companies of all types would benefit from the tax reform and regulatory relief investors were expecting during their initial reaction to Trump’s election.
5322	Of course, the band won't stray too far from their consistent fascination with world music.
5323	Of course, there may be some side effects to this planet-saving chemical, but if the aim is to rid the worlds of humans, then this should not be a big problem.
5324	Of course these allegations are much more serious, much more damning and should have much more serious implications.
5325	Of course the teacher supervised and was there to ensure that everyone got this required nap in the afternoon.
5326	Of course, this is not to pronounce “Cyrano de Bergerac” a perfect play.
5327	Of course we could optimistically wait for the Macedonian scenario (when scandalous telephone conversations of the Balkan prime minister were recklessly leaked and he was swept out by the people’s anger), but it isn’t worth it.
5328	“Of course we wanted to include all the bands, but we have to deal with their schedules and it can’t work with everyone.
5329	Offenders in the vocational programs receive certificates of completion and are registered with the Department of Labor, which helps serve as a foot in the door for future employment.
5330	Offers, Promotions and MoreMarketing messages from the Star, including content from our affiliates and other friends.
5331	Officer Gordon, and Officer Leevey responded to a suspicious circumstance at 1200 Block Lindale Summit Dr. Settled at scene.
5332	Officer Hamilton is still recovering in the hospital burn unit in Springfield.
5333	Officers in charge of implementing the GREAT program, have a wide range of experience in criminal behavior and the ability to recognize gang members.
5334	Officer Stevens responded to an accident at 100 Block E Centennial report to follow.
5335	Officers were called on Thursday, June 7, around 10.30pm to reports of a collision involving a cyclist and a car/vehicle near to the Moulton Paddocks.
5336	Officials said she will be extradited to Jacksonville to face kidnapping and interference with custody charges.
5337	Officials say an arrest has been made in connection with a vandalism and burglary incident.
5338	Officials say the new paper plant will preserve more than 1,100 Green Bay Packaging jobs in Brown County.
5339	Of gaining freedom from all those lies we used to tell ourselves.
5340	Of MIT in general, she adds, “There is an interest here in public impact, and that to me is so important.”
5341	Of the 16 people CNN interviewed, seven said Freeman's alleged behavior on film sets carried over to Revelations Entertainment, his production company.
5342	Of the 60 loans that were approved, “six to eight times that number apply,” he said.
5343	Of the committee members, including John Adams, Roger Sherman, Benjamin Franklin, Robert R. Livingston and Thomas Jefferson, Jefferson was the actual person to write the draft of the Declaration of Independence.
5344	Of the Europeans who scrambled for control of Africa at the end of the 19th century, Belgium’s King Leopold II left arguably the largest and most horrid legacy of all.
5345	Of the many majestic ashes near us none is more beautiful than a magnificent specimen on Distillery Road at the entrance to Medd’s Mountain Park.
5346	Of them, around 13 million passengers are foreigners.
5347	Of those arrested in a little over a week, more than 1,400 had already been charged with drug trafficking by local courts.
5348	Oh and BTW, I just received the latest Nokia smartphone - the Nokia N9 - from Nokia.
5349	Oh but don't they look cool.
5350	“Oh, I’m patriotic,” Buckskin would say.
5351	Oh please, oh please, oh please.
5352	"Oh, that wouldn't be true, because they have the constitutional right to freedom of speech," he said.
5353	Oh, the woes and pains of having a short memory!
5354	Oil and gas giants, Belema Oil Producing Limited has declared that the wellbeing of its host communities remains top in the company's agenda.
5355	Oil, Mineral, Wildlife and Game resources plus fertile Acholiland is the driver behind this.
5356	Oily fried foods heat up our body and lower digestion and can also lead to food poisoning in the summer.
5357	Okay, I understand your dislike for TPLFites meddling in Eritrean politics.
5358	OK, tell your navigator to turn around and head back North on Hwy. 227 and stop at Tolosa.
5359	Old Highway 99 was deactivated upon the freeway’s completion; despite that this four-lane, modern freeway over the summit is better designed than the previous two-lane, twisting course, winter storms still close it down for a day or two.
5360	Oman will open its swanky airport in the capital city Muscat next year, giving a much needed fillip to the country’s tourism development and ambitious diversification programmes.
5361	Omarama is buzzing about the major movie production coming to town.
5362	OMG I Love the Obama pictures, where did you get all those!
5363	On 5th January 2018, our class of 1968 was looking forward to marking our 50th anniversary.
5364	On ABC's "Good Morning America" on Tuesday, Mueller he might appeal and insisted he did nothing wrong "and I can pass a polygraph."
5365	On a cool, crisp morning, Dave and Janice Cisco decided they would check out the Lookout Mountain Nature Center in Golden.
5366	On Afghanistan captain Asghar Stanikzai’s statement that their spinners were better, Rahane said, “Every member believes that their team is good, be it the bowling or batting department.
5367	On April 17th, ACES will be hosting their second annual autism awareness 5k.
5368	On April 2, Uwitware published an on her blog praising for Facebook posts criticizing Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni and his wife, Janet, who is also the education minister.
5369	On a typical Sabbath in the Cowboy Capital, malfeasants from Bandera, Pipe Creek and Medina saw the inside of Cell Block Number Nine for a felony warrant from an outside agency, a first DWI and possession of inhalant paraphernalia, respectively.
5370	On a Wednesday at the height of the worst period of snowfall a train left Banbury at 6.20 pm but did not reach Woodford until 2am the following morning.
5371	On bad days we would pop corn, make fudge, get a pan of apples and sit around the fire and play games.
5372	Once again, all proceeds will be used for nature education programs, and updates for the Chilo River Museum and Visitor Center.
5373	Once again Mr. Comstock continues to address the water contamination issue by referring to health concerns that he believes to be of more importance to the community.
5374	Once again the Tory Governments, both local and national, have proven themselves to be inept.
5375	Once again, they found nothing.
5376	Once a year we take stock of the best the city has to offer, from tacos, because we love our damn tacos, to activists, from cocktails to record stores.
5377	Once he can explain himself in a way that makes sense, then fine.
5378	Once I got caught up in that drug world, I liked it so much.
5379	Once in 24 years might not be the best ever, but it sure seems pretty remarkable to me.
5380	Once in a while, then, it's fun to go out and have someone else cook you something special.
5381	Once I settle into my chair and crack open my beer, I pause for a moment before I begin my mad dash for the pizza line.
5382	Once our understanding is corrected, we will all be on the same page and nobody can divide us.
5383	Once Pfizer exhausted the subsidies that the city used to attract it to New London, it moved again, to collect subsidies elsewhere — leaving behind a vacant lot where the Little Pink House once stood.
5384	Once the committee made recommendations, Giovannini conducted the final interviews.
5385	Once these heirs have received their share, the estate passes to class-two “agnatic heirs,” or male relations in the male line.
5386	“Once the word gets out that there’s fuel here, the other pilots they’ll start to park here.”
5387	Once upon a time when Australians were interested in Super Rugby, the Joe Moody-Kurtley Beale incident would have been a big story.
5388	Once you’re registered, with a click of a button, the Rescue Me instant alert feature will send your details and location directly to the AA’s call centre who will then call you to ensure you’re safe and to arrange the roadside assistance you need.
5389	On day seven he made the 14 mile trek toward home.
5390	On Dec. 12, 1971, she married Jerry Hawkins and he survives.
5391	On Dec. 5, a team of reviewers from the Bureau of Indian Affairs came into the Crow tribal court to review the judicial system’s financial activity for the 2017 fiscal year.
5392	On December 28, 2017, the Azerbaijan Caspian Shipping Company and Moscow River Shipping Company signed a memorandum of cooperation on cruise shipping in the Caspian region by using the “Peter the Great” passenger ship.
5393	‘On demand’ delivery is a tough market to crack, especially for $7.
5394	One batter later Jaxxon Grisham shot a single back up the middle to bring Fregia home and make it a 4-0 game.
5395	One benefit of living in Harden for Rita - "I got the opportunity to decide who I wanted to be".
5396	One can easily understand why.
5397	One cartoon, entitled “Earthquake Italian Style” captioned drawings of a bloodied and bandaged man “Penne in tomato sauce”, a scratched and swollen woman “Penne au gratin”, and a collapsed building with blood and feet emerging from it “Lasagne”.
5398	"One day in the street, the Germans cut off half his beard just to amuse themselves.
5399	One day, I was going down Orange Street and the WELI sign on the door caught my eye.
5400	One day, the child learns that the man he'd always thought was his father is really his stepfather.
5401	One dead, two injured in Highway 881 crash north of Lac La BicheOne person has died and two more have been seriously injured after a collision this morning on Highway 881 north of Lac La Biche, according to RCMP Sgt. Henry Van Dorland.
5402	One designed to sell “at discount and in limited quantities so hurry and place your order now before they’re all gone” — a catalogue that would offer every item that we have in stock that we’ve not been able to move.
5403	One follower said it well on Instagram: “I see the ghost of Alexandra Shulman hasn’t quite left the building yet…”
5404	One gets the impression that they have been instructed to fold their hands and not launch criminal charges.
5405	One hundred years from now, we want the results of our work to be visible from space," Dr Paton said.
5406	One in six children and one in ten people.
5407	One is tempted to ask what would these mavens of "political incorrectness" do without academia and the ABC to rail against; although it might be observed that one person’s political correctness is another person’s political incorrectness.
5408	One learned to succeed in life in spite of your education in schools, and the type of schools one went to.
5409	One long hallway runs straight through the home, front to back.
5410	“One look at the headlines tells us how tough it is today,” says Richard Hendrie, senior vice president of Uno Chicago Grill.
5411	One might imagine a poor unfortunate in a metal helmet with attached wires and diodes to feed the brain an endless stream of facts and figures.
5412	One of Diers’ first memories of Argenta is residents protesting logging plans near a watershed just north of the community.
5413	One official had challenged the required straightforward pose (“neutral,” “mouth closed”), lamenting that the French should be encouraged to smile to overcome the perpetual “national depression” that supposedly permeates the country’s psyche.
5414	One of Miller’s two goals this weekend included the game-winner against Georgetown.
5415	One of such reasons may indeed be that Najib did not commit any wrongdoing.
5416	One of the biggest parties on the island of Ambergris Caye is at the Holiday Hotel.
5417	"One of the biggest problems in India has been that we Indians don't understand each other's English because of the dialects," Neelu Khatri, president of Honeywell's aerospace business in the South Asian nation, said in New Delhi.
5418	One of the boys was sexually mutilated.
5419	One of the few times I broke that cowardly habit, and it wasn’t by choice, was when I got locked in Capreol’s graveyard Halloween night.
5420	One of the guest speakers will be…
5421	One of the main reasons we formed the neighborhood association here was because the city was not adequately dealing with flood control and street maintenance.
5422	One of the most crucial decisions you will make when planning your day is deciding where to get married.
5423	“One of the most rewarding things about my job is seeing the joy on people’s faces after I hand them their finished product,” Collins remarked.
5424	One of the neatest things, though, will be sharing the stage with Chris.
5425	One of the politicos can just lie on the floor and wait.
5426	One of the primary roles of a navy during an operational deployment is maritime interdiction operations, and specially trained NBP teams are the ones to board and search commercial vessels of interest.
5427	One of the seven, Kim Roulston, said the group now kept in touch via their shared social media page, entitled Tiny Dancers.
5428	One of the team then mentioned he had also done a carbon analysis of this area, and it showed a high concentration, which would be indicative of a building burning.
5429	One of the things that has, historically, been an accusation against private placements is that they’re illiquid.
5430	One of those branches is to attract tourists to the town, and so they have set up senior activity centers, as well as viewing area where visitors are able to admire the beautiful fish, and eat at a recently opened restaurant.
5431	One party to the contract agrees to buy a given quantity of securities (such as stocks or bonds) or commodities (oil, gold, Bitcoin), and take the delivery on a future date while the other party agrees to deliver the asset.
5432	One passenger, Alfred Tumlinson, said: "She has nerves of steel.
5433	One person said that she remembered her kids doing this when they were little.”
5434	One poll found that 13 percent of Iowa voters considered Kerry the candidate best described as having “opposed the war.”
5435	One reader asks: Why do speed camera vans park on roads?
5436	ONE Releases the 2014 DATA Report.
5437	One renown sports personality deeply associated with physical education and sports medicine narrates - If talks and holding seminars or meetings could being players in Indian Squad, Manipur State would then grab all players in the Indian Squad.
5438	One search warrant was executed, resulting in four firearm and drug related charges being laid.
5439	One should not forget that just two months ago his rival Wilders was leading by a good five percent in the polls.
5440	One Sober Advantage client said: “ Bunmi helped me turn my life around after years of drinking and drug taking.
5441	One source of the Sharks resilience is the team’s commitment to process.
5442	One that goes by the name of motor neurone disease, or simply MND.
5443	One thing he says that he doesn’t exactly enjoy about coaching today is the challenge of helping players make smart decisions particularly as it pertains to social media.
5444	One time, I requested an iced espresso drink at a Blue Bottle–serving cafe in San Francisco and was refused out of fear that I was a surreptitious inspector from the coffee company.
5445	One time we even had a “real” fortune teller!
5446	One was Emanuel Lutchman, a convicted felon in Rochester, New York, planning to launch a New Year’s Eve assault on a bar.
5447	One way countries could get around the sanctions is to set up joint ventures with Russian companies.
5448	One year on from playing the hole of his life, he has played the most embarrassing hole of his life.”
5449	On Halloween night, the restaurant and bar will show classic scary movies throughout the night.
5450	On her way back from the food bank she bumps into a fellow waitress, a young woman with the decidedly Nelsonesque name of Swan, who asks Jess how it’s going.
5451	On January 23, the EU approved new sanctions on Iran's oil and financial sectors.
5452	On July 19, a Center resident found property that was turned over to police for further investigation.
5453	On June 2, people across the country will come together to collectively improve 2,802 miles of trails — the distance of the United States — during American Hiking Society’s National Trails Day.
5454	On Kanye West's statement that '400 years of slavery was a choice'
5455	Online and computer-related fraud, the legality of digital signatures and acceptance of electronic documents with the same legal standing as hard copy documents are some of the issues these pieces of legislation are designed to address.
5456	Online condolences may be expressed at
5457	Online Freedom of Speech: Still Safe, but for How Much Longer?
5458	Online messages may be made to the family at:
5459	“Only 10 percent of the people who need help ever take steps themselves to improve their hearing.
5460	Only if every single citizen feels duty bound to do his share in this defence are the constitutional rights secure”.
5461	Only then, and only grudgingly, did the Obama administration start going public about the Russia threat, waiting until Hillary Clinton lost the election to cast that threat in near-existential terms.
5462	Only then did he turn to Meretz.
5463	Only then, it is thought, will Schmidt finalise his selection for a match that Ireland must win against the Wallabies to level the series 1-1 and take it to a decider in Sydney seven days later.
5464	Only through this FBI “cleansing” can we preserve our Constitution.
5465	• On March 18 around 12:04 p.m., a KCSO unit responded to Kohl’s, Kingston Pike in Farragut, for the loss prevention officer.
5466	On March 3, Rich Horner posted a 2.5-minute clip.
5467	On May 22, Colson spoke to the Board and, in particular, to Superintendent Jeffery Edison with whom the final decision lies.
5468	“On May 25 Machina baked some muffins and laced then with mbanje at his place of residence.
5469	On Monday, Attorney General Eric Holder finally explained why it’s legal for him to annihilate you on a hunch.
5470	On Monday morning, they delivered a letter to Gov. Greg Abbott, Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick and House Speaker Joe Straus.
5471	On MSNBC’s Morning Joe, neoconservative pundit Bill Kristol berated the Republican Party for rushing through an unpopular bill that has already faced brutal condemnation from the American Medical Association.
5472	On November 24, 1989, Azzam and two of his sons were blown up by a car bomb as they were driving to a mosque in Peshawar.
5473	On Oct. 1, 2003 — the feast of St. Theresa, the “Little Flower” — I succeeded our beloved Bishop John Cummins as the third bishop of Oakland.
5474	On Oct. 16 the community is asked to wear a Paint it Pink shirt or the color pink in solidarity with the rest of the community.
5475	On Oct. 29 Hurricane Sandy roared through New York harbor.
5476	On October 10, the Palace Museum was established and survived wars and social unrest in the coming years.
5477	On October 11, 2017, members of the Medicine Hat Police Service (MHPS) responded to an assist EMS calls for service.
5478	On October 15 2015, Cross told readers that Wenger had named the day of when his Arsenal job ends.
5479	On our own earth, we have seen this as a prescription for unspeakable tragedy and injustice.
5480	On receipt of these, the council will put them out for community consultation.
5481	On request, the CIA kindly provided the author a copy of the document, which is slated to appear in the on-line at the CIA's Web site.
5482	On September 10, Irma struck Florida.
5483	On-site audits take place every three years; paper audits are conducted every year.
5484	On sports, the commissioner announced that the maiden edition of the Headmasters’ Cup for primary school pupils in the state would kick off on April 30, 2018, while the finals would hold on May 16, 2018.
5485	On Stands Now: The Memphis News: Business, politics, and the public interest.
5486	On Sunday, Dominique had pulled him aside after worship and said, "Pastor, I have a favor to ask.
5487	Ontario Provincial Police said Tuesday that a 54-year-old Chinese man had died of injuries suffered during the crash.
5488	On that first Christmas, when our Lord Jesus was born in a stable, Mary and Joseph were not able to find a place to stay.
5489	On the 31st December 2008 the Govender family contacted the Municipality as the lights in their home were tripping.
5490	On the agenda for the next city council meeting is a proposal to hire a full time executive director for NCRC which will help to coordinate development within the designated area.
5491	On the fiscal side, we will compliment the efforts of the bank by continuing our fiscal consolidation process that will assist in moderating demand conditions for foreign exchange.’
5492	On the half hour mark Ifill was brought down inside the penalty box and stepped up to score the resulting penalty.
5493	On the issue of the migration crisis they have consistently opposed the suicidal policy of welcoming Muslims.
5494	On the night before the Academy Awards in 2014, Rachel Eck received a text message from her ex-boyfriend asking her to hang out at a swanky Hollywood hotel.
5495	On the one hand this Government trumpets that it’s for private industry, private investment, partnership with the private sector, letting people run their own business, and on the second hand it seeks to control it by giving more Ministerial power.”
5496	On the other end of the scale, there were some properties in the county that sold for less than £100,000 during April.
5497	On the other hand, council has complained over vendors who leave their cardboard boxes on the pavements and motorists who park their cars on the street overnight as they are hindering operations of the City’s mechanical sweepers.
5498	On the other hand, the South East has the lowest, 1.4 per cent of the population, or 77,540 claimants.
5499	On the other hand, Zambians are also coming here for shopping.
5500	On the other side of the debate were supporters of the higher wage.
5501	On the plus side, he has said they saw a “huge amount of the country” and “met a lot of cool people.”
5502	On the textiles and apparel sub sector, there are plans to review policies that will ensure players, and especially farmers get the necessary incentives to improve production.
5503	On this day, a paper image of the Kitchen God is burnt on Little New Year, dispatching the god's spirit to Heaven to report on the family's conduct over the past year.
5504	On this day, what choices remain for the Palestinians?
5505	On this point, I was sent a Coast Guard patrol boat class 300 of Pozzallo along with the tugboat Nos Taurus and six were hijacked merchant, who sailed in the area, to provide immediate assistance.
5506	On Thursday, the Royals tweeted: "Our condolences to our Missouri neighbors and the family of Hall of Famer Red Schoendienst on his passing."
5507	On top of that, she's being abused by those to whom she has given everything.
5508	On Tuesday Hasaka's remaining government officials were confined to a few buildings in the city cent.
5509	On Tuesday, John will fly to Mexico, where he'll meet volunteers who are driving Pedro up from Belize.
5510	On Wednesday, Reuters reported that the US State Department has called off the sale of some 26,000 rifles to the PNP after US Sen. Ben Cardin threatened to oppose it due to human rights issues.
5511	On what grounds would you demand that an international sports event be boycotted?
5512	Open the tent vents at night for the same reason.
5513	Operationally, Erin is known for having a “happy ship” meaning that she manages the library as a supportive manager and friend to staff.
5514	OPINION: Is this the end of big money?
5515	Opioid vaccine work is “incredibly exciting,” he added.
5516	Opponents derided the measure as “regulatory overkill” and “a colossal waste of space,” pointing out that none of the headquarters had personnel, furnishings, equipment, or supplies on the Islands.
5517	Optimists cheered the flexibility offered by the freelance life.
5518	Orange County cemetery defaced with swastikas, 'Heil Hitler' grafiti.'
5519	Or consider New Mexico's $133 million pecan industry.
5520	Organisations have realised that transformation is not a one-off programme that is delivered over the course of a few years, then shelved.
5521	Organisers say the purpose of the event is to promote a positive and peaceful image of Fata whose people have been stigmatised by years of insurgency and militancy.
5522	Organizer Ryan Miller, CEO of Teamwork Training Ltd., says he’s excited for the fourth annual version as the main purpose is community.
5523	Organizers are accepting sponsors for the event through Feb. 19. To learn more, contact Bradley at 937-325-8715, ext. 133.
5524	Organizers behind the effort to build a new state-of-the-art playground at the Kershaw County West Complex between Lugoff and Elgin said they are pleased and appreciative of the support which is reportedly well ahead of schedule.
5525	“Or if I don’t finish catching up on Property Brothers.”
5526	Or if you’re on a budget, you’ll find Rimmel’s Wake Me Up foundation is equally brilliant and available in Superdrug and Boots (£8.99).
5527	Original hard wood floor on the main floor 2 bedroom unit with original baseboards and trim.
5528	Originally from the North East, Mike has spent his career working as a chef and he and Margaret previously ran the Crown Hotel, Wetheral, in the 1980s.
5529	Original of Birth certificate (Shenasname), along with photocopies of all the pages of the document and 2 ID photos of the spouse and/or children of applicant (only in the case the applicant has their details inscribed in his passport in advance.
5530	Or is their goal to deny the vote to residents who may not support their candidacies and grant the vote to those who do?
5531	Or making murder illegal.
5532	Or maybe a sweet taster?
5533	Orng Kitchen occupies a sweet spot between Yangon’s gastro pubs (50th, Burma Bistro, and Union) and the most renowned but pricer establishments (The Strand, Le Planteur).
5534	Or so one might guess from the storm brewing over the prenatal use of that steroid, called dexamethasone.
5535	Or they could decide to keep him because, if he stays healthy, he might be the best quarterback on the team in 2018."
5536	Ortolans are meant to be eaten feet-first and whole, except for the beak, according to the Times.
5537	Or when people talk about the economy and try to lay all the blame at the feet of Buhari without recognising that our prostrate economy was partly caused by the profligacy and recklessness of the last government.
5538	Or with Saskatchewan, where indigenous people make up 15.6% of the population.
5539	Or, you can say that the coaching staff didn’t do their job in motivating the players.
5540	Or you know, that means the end of his job.
5541	Osio is a Native American word with a rough translation meaning “a view framed by natural vegetation.”
5542	Other alum include Ken Dryden, former NHL goaltender for the Montreal Canadians, in addition to other notable alumni such as Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Rock and Roll hall of famer Leonard Cohen, and inventor of basketball James Naismith.
5543	Other Beth El parents agree that Jewish summer camp experiences can be transformative.
5544	Other companies also have contacted CanSIA about setting up manufacturing or at least sales branches in Ontario.
5545	Other costs, like high-end choreographers and costumes, are covered through fundraising efforts.
5546	Other countries underwent similar problems, an example is the Ghana versus Glawo AmithKline affair.
5547	Other games Blues fans will particularly look forward to include clashes with rivals Havant at Hooks Lane on September 29 and Oaklands on January 19, and with Hove – at home on November 24 and away on March 23.
5548	Other indicators according to him are the already confirmed reduction in rate of inflation by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) aside the country’s foreign reserves that has also risen from over $27 billion to over $31 billion now.
5549	Other leaders under the Fourth Republic are Former President John Agyekum Kufuor, late Professor John Evans Atta Mills and Former President John Dramani Mahama.
5550	Other mementos included beach balls sporting the Air Berlin logo.
5551	“Other people’s salaries are still a taboo subject and a black box in Germany,” said acting Women’s affairs minister Katarina Barley whose Social Democratic Party championed the law.
5552	Other positions include technology coordinators, communications coordinators and administrative volunteers.
5553	"Other products like synthetic alcohol and reduced-risk tobacco products promise to repeat the success of e-cigs for new people, but only if we let them.
5554	Other properties under consideration for purchase by Columbia Sussex Corporation included Adams Mark Hotels in Houston, TX, Memphis, TN, Philadelphia, PA, Columbia, S.C., and Clearwater, FL.
5555	Other reasons people have for abstaining is to avoid the risk of an unplanned pregnancy or the transmission of STIs.
5556	Others did not have such a smooth career.
5557	Other security agencies, including the Information Branch of the Internal Security Forces — once considered suspect by Hezbollah — also appear to be working hard to roll up militant cells.
5558	Other senior members of the Labor party, the major faction in the Zionist Union, remained silent publically, but many expressed harsh criticism behind the scenes.
5559	Others, however, insist that Fischer chose Japan for a different reason.
5560	Others might be psychotic.
5561	Others point out if Corker looks at his poll numbers against Blackburn, he’ll realize quickly he’s going to lose.
5562	Others strive to hone their stage performances in the Far East, all the while garnering more fan base on this side of the world.
5563	Other than its vast selection of delectable items, Nirmanz Food Boutique presents a significant dining experience that catapults food-lovers to their Indian culture and roots.
5564	Other that Damore’s case could have merit.
5565	Otherwise she is politeness personified.
5566	Otherwise, sorry, you may have to remain Jalapeo Woman or Pot Roast Guy, at least to me.
5567	Otherwise, the provider that fails to return will “be deemed to have left the Virgin Islands permanently and shall be liable to be treated as such,” Section 7, subsection 7 of the Act said.
5568	Otherwise, we will no longer believe them.
5569	Otherwise, you may be left with thousands of empty followers who don’t engage at all.
5570	Other work she produced during college took the 1st place award in the Kansas Association of Broadcasters Intern TV category.
5571	OTTAWA -- A former NDP member of Parliament says his brain cancer is terminal.
5572	OTTAWA—The Trans-Pacific Partnership, a massive trade deal that covers 40 per cent of the world’s GDP, has mushroomed into a political hot potato in the United States with presidential candidates Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, and…
5573	Our cafes are locally owned and operated by franchisees or operators within the community, which means they are committed to providing the very best service.”
5574	Our choice of fabrics are cotton and linen, and wherever a playful incorporation calls for it, khadi.
5575	Our Christian belief is that our bodies will also be resurrected; we too will be raised from the dead, like Jesus!
5576	“Our current capacity is 70,000 vehicles per annum.
5577	Our Daily Chart team has compiled a series of maps of the region (pictured above), and also explored the history of how the border was determined.
5578	Our Department of Philosophy plans to use this donation to diversify its courses and increase its faculty from 13 to 22 members.
5579	“Our family is so grateful to the Berlin Police Department for honoring Jeffery every year.
5580	Our forums are powered by phpBB (hereinafter “they”, “them”, “their”, “phpBB software”
5581	“Our goal is to help get folks out of isolation and combat depression and anxiety by hosting weekly social groups and other events and gatherings,” Gill says.
5582	Our goal was to evoke some kind of emotion from customers once they’d opened the menu: surprise, disappointment, anger — anything.
5583	Our government remains focussed on helping Canadians as we invest in the middle class, in our communities, and in our economy.
5584	Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the bloggers' own, as is responsibility for the content of their blogs.
5585	Our Hawaiian word of the day is "Mahiai" e olelo pu kakou: "Mahiai" maikai.
5586	Our Heroes Fund says 100% of the profits from the fundraiser will go to Officer Kidik.
5587	“Our immediate priority is to canvas the views of our members and the profession in order to understand their position.
5588	Our Inbox was stuffed with letters about our coverage of the Khalil Gibran International Academy, our coverage of Councilman Simcha Felder (in a note from the Councilman himself!
5589	Our lives are a book.
5590	"Our main purpose is deterrence," Stehl said.
5591	Our mandate is also to connect important landscape features (such as forests) and to enlarge and improve the natural areas for flora and fauna.
5592	Our mother was a natural born storyteller with dreams of being a writer and our dad was an accomplished jazz pianist and amateur artist in his own right,” she said.
5593	“Our new review reinforces the finding that vaping is a fraction of the risk of smoking, at least 95 per cent less harmful, and of negligible risk to bystanders.
5594	Our next questioner asks us now to reflect on, well, for me anyway, as being a fan of this program, this very famous excerpt from the American television series, The West Wing.
5595	‘Our pastor is like so and so, you see those women and that group of men over there.
5596	Our Peter Bros. Grand Parade is.
5597	Our productions Fun Home & Dirty Rotten Scoundrels tied as the most honored productions of the Colorado theatre year, with 11 nominations each!
5598	Our products are very price competitive.
5599	Our redfishing is good right now.
5600	"Our resolve to play our role in the region remains certain because we regard it as our inherent pan-African obligation to stand by the side of other African brothers and sisters," he said.
5601	Ours is a permanent business chamber of Bengal.
5602	Our small group was the perfect size for a fun and friendly week of riding.
5603	Our steel and aluminum folks are concerned.
5604	Our students of the month are Cami Pryor Kindergarten, Lakyn Hinson First Grade, Mikayla Ivory Second Grade, Brooke Massey Third Grade and Trenton Dixon Fourth grade.
5605	Our team will start the defense immediately when the opponent has the ball.
5606	Our teenage children prefer one particular parish nearby, but I hesitate because it seems so informal and not in keeping with church guidelines.
5607	Our three ads reached 5,897 people, generating 101 clicks, and 13 “engagements”—which could be a “like” a “share” or a comment on a post.
5608	“Our work culture is finally translated into the customer services.
5609	Outgoing President Benigno Aquino III brought the country an average annual growth rate of 6.3 percent in his six-year term, the fastest of Southeast Asia’s five main economies.
5610	Out-hustling the Olympians, McNary jumped out to a 9-2 lead.
5611	Outman spent parts of six seasons in the Major Leagues from 2008-09 and 2011-14 with the Oakland Athletics, Colorado Rockies, Cleveland Indians and New York Yankees.
5612	Out of all the best dividend stocks in Friday's Dividend Leaders screen, Targa Resources not only has the highest dividend yield but also one of the healthier charts.
5613	Outside a Hong Kong Tailor shop: "Ladies may have a fit upstairs."
5614	Outside the country he also worked in Tallygonj in India.
5615	Outside there is a superb entertaining space with a barbecue area, a large lawn and a driveway to the front with access to the double garage.
5616	OUT TO PASTOR: Is the whole world crazy, or is it just me?
5617	Over a decade ago, Chief John Ojeisekhoba of Campus Safety began teaching a one-unit academic physical education course in Rape and Aggression Defense at the request of the university.
5618	Over a hundred thousand Burmese nationals are working in Malaysia without work permits or other valid documents.
5619	Overall, Cluttons expects values to slip by up to 5 per cent or 7 per cent this year and adds that it is quite likely this trend will persist well into 2019.
5620	Overall, however, the internet clearly has not been good for the printed newspaper.
5621	“Overall it maintains some of the policies that have maintained B.C. as a leader on climate change in Canada,” said Ian Bruce, climate change specialist for the organization.
5622	Overall, it was a perfect storm of different things that didn’t go well for us tonight.”
5623	Over and above this, these connections are easy to make, given the amount of data that is generated in the United States and other Western economies.
5624	Overemployment and inefficient services and mounting debts have to impose painful decisions.
5625	Over my lifetime, I have used them for many things.
5626	Over the last seven years Marnie has taken a break from exhibiting after getting married, having a family and until recently, living in regional Victoria.
5627	"Over the next two to three years we will be also be increasing the number of places available for applicants wishing to transfer from other University of Adelaide science courses.
5628	Over the past few months we have worked hard to address them and to engage in a productive and respectful dialogue with the community.
5629	Over the past several years, MODG has absorbed more than a $1 million decrease in offshore gas revenue.
5630	Over the past two years, Russia has also cooperated in the training of about 2,000 Afghan anti-narcotics agents.
5631	Over the past two years, they’ve worked on reshaping the way they collaborate with the public.
5632	Over the years at Camp Gray, she has been a kitchen assistant, a counselor in several areas of camp, and the year-round program director.
5633	Over thirty five people attended the Lobethal Bierhaus for the launch of the Lobethal Community Website.”
5634	"Over time it will be difficult.
5635	“Over time we came to know a bit more about him and that he used to be an umpire,” Ms. Powell said.
5636	Owner and Agency Director of Reaction, Mike Szyszka addressed the sold out crowd at Good Neighbour CoffeeHouse.
5637	Owner Lucy Yong, with the help of.
5638	Owner Randy Allen (right) is shown with his daughter Amber Allen Thompson (left).
5639	PA chairman praises 'martyrs' spilling blood in Jerusalem, calls to stop Jews from 'defiling Al-Aqsa Mosque with their filthy feet.'
5640	Paddle the Morell River or Cycle the Trail Morell to St. Peters.
5641	PAHO/WHO donates 20,000 water purification tablets: In several villages that had flooding, residents do not have access to clean and safe drinking water.
5642	Pakistan chased the total at 5.25 runs per over – the quickest in Test history in the fourth innings – obliterating the 5.19 record held by the West Indies since 1984.
5643	Pakistan constructed a concrete platform, which is around 40 feet long and 30 feet wide, at the “friendship point” to provide seating for the passengers.
5644	Palates have changed."
5645	Paper products and drinks will be furnished with your covered dish.
5646	“Pappy” as he was known by his grandchildren Chasen, Brennan and Lauren Smith, Sydney and Maggie Morris, Katie and Charlie Thomson and Hunter, Grant and Griffin Morris will forever be remembered as the family patriarch.
5647	`Parasites', it is well to acknowledge at the outset, is shockingly unstable.
5648	Parental guidance suggested & for more information contact Kelly at 250 632 4030.
5649	Parents must provide children with a safe loving home environment plus help them get to school safely.
5650	“Parents often share their child feeding struggles with their friends and family.
5651	Park and no ride!
5652	Parker, 58, lives in the home along with five other residents.
5653	Park, for her part, hailed the successful cooperation between the two countries.
5654	Parking lots are open space for a large chunk of time and should be/could be used for other things.
5655	Parliament Speaker, Andrian Candu, attends second Interparliamentary high – level Conference Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine, which takes place in Kiev on 08 – 10 June 2018.
5656	Partly cloudy, with a low around 45.
5657	Part of the world-recognised Cham Island bio-reserve, the forest is a favourite eco-tour destination.
5658	Party members and elected officials will consider the motion that a committee of Parliament should "examine the evidence" around climate change before agreeing to any post-2020 emissions cuts.
5659	Party members said Jagan has been diagnosed with fever.
5660	Party would raise funds through higher taxes on corporations and wealthy.
5661	Passover is an eight-day celebration that commemorates the deliverance of the ancient people of Israel from slavery in Egypt.
5662	Pastry Chef David Mullen is here to give us his take on some classic sweets!
5663	Paterson then tried to gauge whether the leaders could agree on the size of the deficit.
5664	Pathways, being developed for the adjacent Cridge Park, will link the courtyard in front of the Aria through to St. Ann's and Beacon Hill Park.
5665	Patients are changing too, Rea said.
5666	Patients need only an ID and insurance–—no appointment necessary.
5667	Patricia has big plans ahead for herself and Red River Credit Union.
5668	Patricia sends cards and prepares meals for parishioners who are ill, experiencing death and other situations in their lives.
5669	Patrick Schemp of Kronach, Bavaria, Germany reeled in a 348.6-pound halibut while fishing on July 21, but with no derby ticket, he lost out on the opportunity to become the new derby leader.
5670	Paul begins his own sermon by celebrating the fact that the church has just recently paid off the last of its debt.
5671	Pauline was predeceased by her parents Longinus and Pauline (Drescher) Tuchscherer; brothers John, Lester, Joe and sister-in-law Shirley.
5672	Paul Sorokas, who was divorced, lived alone as he battled addiction in his later years, his brother said.
5673	Peace and respect also means we can have our say, peacefully!”
5674	Peace in the Middle EastEgyptian President Anwar Sadat, left, joins hands with Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin, right, on September 18, 1978, after the Camp David Accords were signed in Maryland.
5675	Peace only can come through justice, not war, he said.
5676	Peaks, who enjoys an absurd moment as much as Miller, told me, with a good laugh, what happened: ''These Afghan guys come running back to us with big wide eyes going, 'They got grenades!'
5677	Pearse Doherty said that the Sinn Féin Budget programme is also different to proposals by Fine Gael, Fianna Fáil, Labour “and, unfortunately, AAA/People Before Profit” to get rid of the Universal Social Charge.
5678	Pedal tours, golf carts, and Ubers--Birmingham has numerous ways to get around town.
5679	Peel the bananas and mash their flesh in a medium mixing bowl.
5680	People always need their houses painted.”
5681	“People do not care about your high-tech gadgets and cameras.
5682	People in the U.S. need to know where candidates’ contributions come from.
5683	People like, you know, Carl Icahn, for example, corporate raider.
5684	People might say a lot of things about the kind of films I do.
5685	“People need to travel in certain directions or at certain times, so they will run a peak route to school or work and back again,” Ornelas said.“
5686	People see really huge value in that and feel a sense of loss for it.
5687	People start buying up all of Mr. Big's Squishy Bunny Ears.
5688	People were happy to work where they could receive a pay of 0.2 manat per kilogram of cotton, and where they were treated respectfully.
5689	People who would like to help them nurture that hope can attend either – or both – of the fun holiday events.
5690	Perhaps due to the compact physical nature of the island,along with the generally friendly disposition of Bajans, Barbados has developed a culture that embraces residents from overseas.
5691	Perhaps, Heaven forbid, churches just aren't as important because religion is as important as it used to be.
5692	Perhaps he shared Hatta and Sukarno's hesitation about the need for a national army.
5693	Perhaps it is to pay for a wedding, fund a child’s adoption, take the trip of a lifetime, or consolidate credit card debt or medical bills.
5694	Perhaps the $4 Kitimat/Terrace connector could be scheduled to coincide with more of the flights.
5695	Perhaps this was the first time in Haitian history that someone heading a commission gave this type of result, without a bag of $100 American bills.
5696	Perhaps we have taken on too many tasks, and we are building up resentment.
5697	Perhaps you’re asking, “Where is my home?”
5698	Persistence pays off – now we’ve found these other fossil localities giving a lot of more data on the animals present at the time.
5699	Personal data is that arena where people decide for themselves to what extent to protect/limit their rights.
5700	Personal information-including your email address-is not collected.
5701	Personally addressed information letters have been sent to all seniors living in the Bradley H. Davis apartments across from School Bell Park, inviting feedback of any concerns regarding proposed location, noise or support.
5702	Personally, it feels like I've restarted life being 18! I'm speechless when it comes to things to say because it's such an interesting moment to be 18! These next 365 days will bevery interesting and I hope a lot of good things happen.
5703	Peterson saved all of them as the tension was cranked up to near unbearable levels for nearly all Sarnians in the sports hall, bar Stacey.
5704	Peter Trevisani (left), the lead owner of a new United Soccer League franchise to play in Albuquerque, welcomes former University of New Mexico star Devon Sandoval, who is expected to play for the team when it starts in 2019.
5705	Pet owners’ “first choice on a hot day (should be) to leave ‘Flossy’ home,” Eau Claire police Lt. Derek Thomas said.
5706	PF Lusaka Province chairperson Geoffrey Chumbwe says some senior party officials are on a mission to destroy the Patriotic Front.
5707	PGTV is part of Toledo Exposure.
5708	PHILADELPHIA ( NEW ) — Philadelphia police say an officer.
5709	Phil and Cooper discuss the weekend’s tragic attack at an Egyptian mosque, who might be responsible and possible ramifications for the region and the country’s president.
5710	Philippe has always denied the allegations against him and said that it has no jurisdiction to arrest him.
5711	Philips Arena’s senior vice president and general manager Trey Feazell wants to see more music Downtown.
5712	Phillies chairman David Montgomery, who was the team’s president when Halladay pitched here, reported that he had encouraged him to return to baseball after his retirement as a pitcher.
5713	Photo by Christo pher Blay.
5714	Photo by Christopher Croft.
5715	Photo taken May 22, 2017, in New York.
5716	PIC enjoyed a strong 2017, reporting underlying operating profit of £195m.
5717	Pickleball is a relatively new sport that combines elements of …
5718	Pick up your ticket from the recycling shed; this ticket doubles as a raffle ticket for prizes later.
5719	Picture from the Past.
5720	Picture yourself telling her that she needs to buy this kind of meat, cook this way and not that way.
5721	Pilon is from Duke Lake, Sask. and is a highly-touted prospect.
5722	Piper and Finn weren't the only ones matching in plaid on Saturday.
5723	Piqua was coming off a 13-3 five-inning win over Trotwood-Madison Wednesday.
5724	PitchDIA is going to be a very exciting event.”
5725	Place kabobs on grid over medium, ash-covered coals.
5726	Place tortillas in tea towel or paper towels one on top of the other.
5727	Place your tray into a transparent plastic bag to create a greenhouse.
5728	Plan are made, and obligations must be kept, and that puts people on the roads.
5729	Plans for a new Tim Hortons are up in the air after a council report recommended that the application be refused.
5730	Plan to come early and hang out with us!
5731	Please bring a chair and dress warmly.
5732	Please don’t disappoint me.
5733	“Please join me in making recycling in Los Angeles a way of life.”
5734	Please kindly remove the ring.
5735	Please Register at the North End of the mall by Get Nailed.
5736	Please see the ad on page 9 of today’s edition of The Kenmare News for further details.
5737	Pledging to provide all possible support for the ambassador to fulfill assigned tasks, he hoped that the diplomat will visit Vietnamese ministries, agencies, localities and businesses to reinforce bilateral ties.
5738	Plus I like a good underdog story.
5739	Plus, it comes with a two-year warranty.
5740	“Plus, it’s almost as if Ottawa regards business owners as people who `got lucky’ rather than worked around the clock and took enormous amount of risks to get where they are today,” says Prenter.
5741	Plus news has learned that Belize’s Mayan History and Heritage continues to be destroyed.
5742	Plus, three of his four wins have come on the southern route.
5743	Plus, Trump's bloviating creates unusual bedfellows.
5744	… PNM recently filed its first rate increase in almost five years.
5745	PO1 Oliebeth Ligutan Viernes, from Tuguegarao City, had dreams of seeing his wife Virgie sign up for the police force.
5746	“Point one: somebody invited people downtown to watch the Canuck/Bruins hockey game.
5747	Points from Barry McHugh (free) and substitute Damien Comer then edged the Tribesmen ahead as an inexperienced Mayo lost their way in the wintry conditions and heavy field.
5748	Points made in the budget presentation included that school district revenue comes from 53% state sources, 43% local sources and 4% federal sources.
5749	Poland's Internal Security Agency (ABW) is in Oswiecim to investigate the circumstances of the accid.
5750	Police and neighbours said the property has been vacant for about six weeks.
5751	Police are appealing for witnesses in relation to dangerous driving on Monday, May 14.
5752	Police are investigating an unlawful entry and stealing incident in Alice Springs earlier this week.
5753	"Police are the dividing factor between the citizens and the criminals, right?"
5754	Police are urging people to be wary of gift card scams as they are becoming more prevalent.
5755	Police discovered that the man was intoxicated and was believed to have been driving the snowmobile when it crashed.
5756	Police estimate the car was going almost double that when it passed an officer minutes before on Altamont Avenue.
5757	Police found a male beside the vehicle already waiting for a tow truck (Mico Towing).
5758	Police involved in trans-border weapon smuggling?
5759	Police on patrol, they saw Gill riding a bicycle on Vernon Street.
5760	Police Prosecutor Senior Sergeant Fairoa Tararo told Williams he wanted to withdraw the charge as police had received information that Sila was overseas.
5761	Police said as the officers pulled up at the house 61-year-old Pamela Roopchand ran outside.
5762	Police said she could face criminal charges.
5763	Police say he has been involved in the illicit trade for the last 40 years and grows all the needed ingredients, such as sugar cane, on his property, Then he cooks them in his home-assembled equipment.
5764	Police were alerted during the May 30 night shift to a possible impaired driver who was driving erratically down King Street.
5765	Police were called just after 9am today (Monday, March 26) to reports of a collision in Russell Gardens, near Ley Street in Ilford.
5766	Police were examining CCTV footage from security cameras in the area and questioning more witnesses.
5767	Policies and programmes aimed at migrant, mobile and displaced populations should be developed and implemented.
5768	Political Assassination in Sokoto: Our View.
5769	Politically, most Democrats favour tighter gun laws whilst the majority of Republicans are opposed to any new legislation, saying the problem lies in the lax enforcement of existing laws.
5770	Political sloganeering and catchphrases are the currency of election campaigns.
5771	Politicians and show off are like 5&6.
5772	Politicians, corporations and lobbyists have much bigger PR budgets and name-brand draw to attract press to their staged media events.
5773	Politicians in Russia clearly saw that because of Russia’s low economic potential, the South Caucasus states would inevitably turn to Europe.
5774	Politicos don't like to give up on their mistakes.
5775	“Politics in Alabama was a dirty business, if it was done right.”
5776	Polk County Fire and Medic units responded to the crash and declared Perry deceased.
5777	Poll workers blamed the delay on taking longer than anticipated to set up the voting equipment.
5778	“Polly always showed generosity, selflessness and boundless energy in ministering to our parish youth and serving as our administrator,” church officials said in a statement.
5779	Polly will attend interviews with the social work department before re-appearing at Alloa Sheriff Court on June 28.
5780	Pope John Paul II wrote in his encyclical,“Centesimus Annus,”that social programs conflicted with the principle of subsidiarity by intervening directly and depriving citizens of their responsibility.
5781	Port Neill’s win put them through to the final on four points.
5782	PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad (CMC) – Trinidad and Tobago produced an incisive bowling display to rattle and take control of their Regional Four-Day game on Saturday.
5783	Port of Spain, Trinidad – The much sought after tickets for the West Indies v India Series 2011 are now on sale in Trinidad, Antigua and Jamaica.
5784	‘Portrait of a Boy,’ by Camille Pissarro will be displayed to the public for the first time in London this month.
5785	Portugal's prime minister Antonio Costa, who vowed to fight austerity when elected into government in 2015, told the European parliament that the future of Europe depends, in part, on fiscal and economic convergence.
5786	Possible evidence was collected, several coordinated searches were conducted, but still, no sign of Kingery.
5787	Posted by DANSO SAMUEL on Mon, 07 May 2018 -
5788	Pottery art by Robin McGregor on display in the art gallery.
5789	"Pouring lots of beer into lots of glasses."
5790	Powderhorn’s is $180,000, making them more affordable than trendy neighborhoods like Kingfield and Northeast.
5791	Powell should be tried as a war criminal for lying about WMDs and laying the groundwork for the Iraq war.
5792	Power Minister Pandurang Madkaikar said that the government was keen in developing green energy in the State, especially since this was the mandate of the Prime Minister and the target for India was generation of 175 GW of renewable energy.
5793	Power only flickered a few times Sunday, but never was off more that 5-10 seconds.
5794	Power points of their presentations are posted on wearemaui.
5795	Ppl r fed up w/ this!
5796	P Ramakrishnan The controversy surrounding the extension of service and appointment as Chief Justice and President…
5797	Prayer is an act of worship and could be described as the "breathing" of the church.
5798	Pray for them and thank God for the courage of those willing to defend the truth in our increasing over-sexualized culture.
5799	Prayin' for grace and faced with a need for livin'.
5800	PRDnationwide Wagga Wagga has two parcels of land in Tarcutta that will be sold by expression of interest.
5801	Precinct 3 Commissioner Mike Daniels accuses City Administrator Jeff Looney of verbally abusing his wife.
5802	Premiered in 1847 at the Bolshoi Theater in Moscow, it’s been in the Pennsylvania Ballet’s repertoire since 1987.
5803	Pre-orders are being accepted for homemade cinnamon rolls by calling 573-659-6989.
5804	“Preparation has been difficult but we have been training indoors which sharpens your game and the girls have enjoyed it.” she said.
5805	Pre-primary reports, covering April 1-18, were due Thursday ahead of the May 8 special primaries to replace former Rep. Pat Tiberi (R).
5806	Pre-sale only — no tickets will be sold at the door.
5807	President Akufo-Addo underlined the need to intensify public sensitization on the impending referendum to enable everybody to have better understanding of what their vote would mean.
5808	President Aquino, LP presidential bet Manuel Roxas II and vice presidential candidate Camarines Sur Rep. Maria Leonor “Leni” Robredo attended the announcement of the senatorial ticket.
5809	President Donald Trump declared on Wednesday that there was "no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea".
5810	President Donald Trump welcomed Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc to the White House for talks focusing on the American trade deficit.
5811	President Jagdeo expressed his appreciation at the timely decision of the Venezuelan government to purchase Guyanese rice, which has brought benefit to the small farmers of the rice industry, highlighting the values of fair trade.
5812	President Kenyatta said that the opening of the embassy in Dakar will be a big step in raising the level of engagement with that part of the world.
5813	President Lungu is on track!
5814	President Maithripala Sirisena and Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe last week instructed relevant authorities to immediately provide relief to the affected people.
5815	President Mnagagwa responded today in a statement which he also tweeted, saying the former president “is entitled to express himself freely, as is the case for any private citizen”.
5816	President Mnangagwa has always emphasised that the voice of the people is the voice of God and by respecting the will of the people who voted for its current line-up of candidates —Zanu-PF is enhancing its chances of victory in the general elections.
5817	President Obama saved your big wide butt from the mess you right wing crooks all caused.
5818	President of Botswana Mine Workers Union (BMWU), Jack Tlhagale said the Minister and the Vice President (VP), Mokgweetsi Masisi informed the union that a liquidator has been engaged but failed to present documentation.
5819	President Trump smiles while being introduced at the National Prayer Breakfast.
5820	President Vladimir Putin placed strategic bombers back on long-range patrol for the first time since the Soviet breakup, sending a tough message to the United States on Friday hours after a major Russian military exercise with China.
5821	President Weah will join heads of states from other West African sub-region to shed light on Sierra Leone’s democratic triumph.
5822	Previous Cirque performances have featured classical selections, giving the audience an entertaining introduction to some of the best orchestral music.
5823	Previous hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby will return to front the series, due to air in the New Year.
5824	Previously, he spent nearly 17 years at The New York Times, where he rose to the position of associate managing editor.
5825	Previously, it had been increased to 3%.
5826	Previously, the Cook Political Report assessed Virginia’s Fifth Congressional District as “Likely Republican,” but it has now been changed to “Lean Republican.”
5827	Previous research has shown that men with poor sperm counts saw improvement after taking high in omega-3 fats, Robbins says.
5828	Prey is also getting a new update tonight with three new updates: story mode, new game plus, and survival mode.
5829	Priceline was inspired to contribute to the cause after learning about the Tasmanian Government’s “Rapid Rehousing” initiative.
5830	Pride of Reading Make a Difference awardA small team dedicated to helping disabled and disadvantaged people improve their chances of getting a job is this year’s winner of the Make a Difference award.
5831	Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi’s wife, Jacqueline, has told the Daily Monitor that she protested to President Museveni after the April 2011 forceful arrest of Dr Kizza Besigye, which left the opposition leader partially blind.
5832	Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said, like Mr Joyce, that it’s a “private” matter and a “tough” one where he was concerned about the potential impacts on family members, like Mr Joyce’s wife and four daughters.
5833	Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday expressed his gratitude to Saudi Arabia for addressing the problems of over a million Indian workers after that country adopted a new labour policy.
5834	Prime Minister Theresa May's office said late Sunday that May had accepted the resignation of Home Secretary Amber Rudd.
5835	Prince Harry and Meghan Markle in St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle during their wedding in Windsor, Britain, May 19, 2018.
5836	“Priorities,” she explained.
5837	Prior to the global financial crisis in 2008, lending increased an average of 6% per year, while nominal GDP 9%.
5838	Prior to the movie, relax and enjoy the FLP Cruisin' Car Show in the front parking lot and music from Nashville's Martin Family Circus, beginning at 8 p.m.
5839	Prisoners are there for the takingJust about the same time that a story in this paper told of jail construction being a month behind, another story in another paper told of our state's prisons being overcrowded.
5840	Privacy covers any personal information, activity, or space that is unrelated to the public domain.
5841	Prizes on offer saw shoppers walking away with items including a VIP personal shopping experience in Debenhams, a £100 gift card from Timberland, £50 from Jack and Jones and £30 from New Look – to name just a few.
5842	Probably not, because compensation of public employees at INS is based on the organization of their work and not their production.
5843	Proceeds from the event will go to the Dora High School band.
5844	Proceeds will fund college admission services for underserved Milwaukee high school students.
5845	“Proceeds will go towards improved infrastructure and a better learning environment in the 79 UPE schools in the city.
5846	Proctor's current Lamorinda customer base is modest - he estimates he currently has 20 to 30 customers, and he says working his trucks on Lamorinda's hilly terrain might present a challenge.
5847	Produced in Nashville, this album includes favorites for any folk music lover.
5848	Prof.Bhim Singh while congratulating the people of Desa and appealing them to vote for its candidate Shri Suresh Kumar Bhagat who is the resident of the same village.
5849	Professional cuddlers attract their share of creeps, but by and large their clientele just want someone to talk to — and to hold them.
5850	Professional gambler Stu Feiner displays his betting tickets at Dover Downs Casino.
5851	Professional lobbyists don't need such help.
5852	“Professor, translator and Head of the Byron Society Georgia, Innes Merabishvili, will give a talk on his life and poetry,” the Ambassador tells us.
5853	Prof Room, a leading academic at Melbourne University, is funded by the Department of Human Services.
5854	Programs that include comprehensive sex education are effective, even without millions in annual tax dollars backing them.
5855	Progressive groups expressed criticism of Democrats for agreeing to reopen the government without a firmer commitment to solve the Dreamer issue.
5856	Prominent Nigerian televangelist TB Joshua’s name is the second-most trending topic on Twitter in the West African state after he wrongly “prophesised” victory for Hillary Clinton in the us presidential election.
5857	Proof of registration will be required.
5858	PROPANE ALLEY: You were about to leave town to visit your mom for her birthday when i spotted your sexy face and asked for a ride to buy propane.
5859	Property taxes provide most of the revenue to the district, and only a district that is badly mismanaged would be asking for more money at this point.
5860	Prophet Elisha who is gifted 20 barley loaves spontaneously says, “Give it to the people to eat.”
5861	Protesters demanded the new PM’s resignation and achieved this goal late Monday afternoon.
5862	“Protests that exhibit high convergence should be handled carefully, as even a small spark of conflict could lead to violence,” Dehghani said.
5863	Proven, common-sense alternatives to detention, including monitoring and case management, are available at a savings of more than $1 billion a year.
5864	Providence was noted for it's leadership's public position on LGBT equality and particularly for a shift from 2012 to 2013 with the renewed focus on and support for marriage equality legislation through its passing.
5865	Provincial governor spokesman, Mohammad Arif Noori, told Ariana News that the incident took place at around 08:30 am while Mr. Noori was on his way to duty.
5866	PSA is a strong association with members living in 50 states of the United States and in 60 countries and territories around the world,” he added.
5867	PSCING everything must go truck, car, mower, boat.
5868	Public Radio’s archive has been in an strange state for many years.
5869	Public record for Aug. 28David Eugene Arthur, no age given, of Harrodsburg, alcohol intoxication in a public place, $142.
5870	Published: April 12, 2018 Former Arsenal defender Martin Keown has called on Super Eagles winger Alex Iwobi to improve on his game as the Gunners get set to face CSKA Moscow in the return leg of their Europa League quarterfinals clash in Moscow tonight.
5871	Published: December 08, 2012 Yakubu Akilu is targeting a return to first team action when the Danish first division resumes from winter break in late March.
5872	Published in the Lexington Herald-Leader on Feb. 14, 1954.
5873	Published on 5th March 2016 MARGARET WALSH Mothers Day If tears could build a stairway and memories a lane, we'd walk right up to heaven and bring you home again.
5874	Punta Cana has made the top-10 winter getaway vacation spots list of ABC Eyewitness News.
5875	Pupils from The Firs School in Chester took part in the ISA North Athletics Championship at Sportcity in Manchester.
5876	Pursuant to MRSA 17A, Section 505, “Placing Obstructions on a Traveled Road” and MRSA 29A Section 2396 “Snow, a person may not place and allow to remain on a public way snow or slush that has not accumulated there naturally.”
5877	Putting an incredulous bow on things is the inexplicable work of John Derek.
5878	Qatar Airways warns travelers of new visa requirements to the US - Doha NewsYour browser is out-of-date!
5879	Q: Do you have a time preference to write lyrics and compose melodies?
5880	Q: I have invested a lot of time and money developing our company website.
5881	“Qipao is really one of the most important elements of the Chinese culture.
5882	Q. Is it permissible to receive Holy Communion twice on the same day?
5883	“Qualifying restaurants were then scored and sorted according to the percentage of reviews for which ‘great for brunch’ was selected as a special feature,” the release states.
5884	Quality Record Pressings already produced about one million records a year.
5885	Quick – write it down!
5886	Quinlan said he will need to knock the champion out if he is going to win because it is hard to get a decision when the crowd is riding your opponent.
5887	Quinn recalled shaking Kennedy’s hand when she was in Washington lobbying to pass a hate crimes bill.”
5888	Q. With your folks born in Ireland, would you say you come from a very traditional Irish home?
5889	Rachael Fahim of Cherrybrook has been singing since she was eight years old and since then, has been working on a country music dream which on Sunday night came one step closer.
5890	Rahmanifar feels the pull of two cultures in her own life.
5891	Rahm attempts to follow suit but pitches too far past the hole and doesn’t get the roll.
5892	Railroad spokesman Gus Melonas says no one was injured and no hazardous materials were involved in the seven p-m derailment.
5893	Rainfall recorded at Kemptville indicates a moderate drought severity had already been reached in the southern parts of Eastern Ontario.
5894	Rain intervened with the score on 5-35.
5895	Raising the standards for social programs should neither lag behind nor get too far ahead.
5896	RAJKOT: Bharatiya Janata Party general secretary Gordhan Zadaphia said on Saturday that that no one, including BJP men, would be spared if they were found guilty in building substandard houses which collapsed in the recent quake.
5897	Ramjattan put a spin on his warning to the AFC MPs not to vote with the government on the budget.
5898	Random shit by people thinking it's funny Jews were being targeted."
5899	Randy Odom, interim president of the Texas Baptist Home for Children, declined to comment to the Fort Worth Star-Telegram about the lawsuit, but did say his facility has been “investigated extensively and we’ve been cleared.”
5900	Rangers chairman Dave King to be more hands-on as he decides to spend more time in ScotlandThe Ibrox chief has been based in South Africa and leaves the day-to-day running of the club to others but is now set to be more visible to fans.
5901	Rascal Flatts also lead the B1 Project.
5902	Rather, it is a problem created by markets that are tilted towards the lowest common denominator.
5903	Rather, missionaries with laptops will reel in potential converts with a DVD that details Christianity's central teachings, translated into eight different languages -- one being hip-hop.
5904	Rather, now is the time to make concerted and sincere efforts to arrest the situation before EBOLA infiltrates into the densely populated areas and cities in our country.
5905	"Rather than encouraging and enticing development to town, those developers I've talked to (since the special election) will be discouraged to come to town.”
5906	Rather than falling into desperation, Brady keeps his composure, maintains his laser focus and actually becomes seemingly more effective.
5907	Rather than meekly sitting there while his agency was trash-talked, Homan requested permission to respond to the congresswoman and seriously let her have it.
5908	Rather than simply look at the total number of hospitalized employees in each industry, the researchers also wanted to know which industries had the highest proportion of employees whose flu was severe enough to require a hospital stay.
5909	Rather than taking money from them and making their current situation worse, we can arrange to increase their income and require them to use this new money for our desired goal of forced increases in savings.
5910	Rather, that position has allowed for change and growth, not simply in response to changes in social mores, but in order to answer that call to love and compassion that Christ requires of us all.
5911	Rather, they are compounding it”.
5912	Rather, this bill makes thoughtful, constructive, common-sense improvements to a well-intentioned law that is currently having the opposite of its intended effect.
5913	"Ray shook his head and laughed.
5914	RCMP, EMS, Fire crews, road maintenance crews, phone repair crews and the media all played a part in the response to these calls.
5915	“Reaching” happens when a player reaches in to steal or distract the player they are defending.
5916	Readers who prefer ink on paper can still purchase the paperback version from Amazon (which was last revised in May).
5917	Reading and listening to the comments coming from the northern New Jersey and New York media, I can tell that they are desperate, gassed over last year's perfromance, and absolutely did not watch Mutombo for 82 games a year like us 76ers fans did.
5918	Ready Player One: A Novel by Ernest Cline, $9.82 Video game lovers will want to be front row for this sci-fi movie that opens on March 30th -- buy movie tickets here.
5919	RealPage has a market cap of $2.0 billion and is part of the technology sector and computer software & services industry.
5920	Real-world evidence is given, so that every citizen, no matter how they move around a city – by car, by bus, by foot – can do so in a way that will improve the city for everyone.
5921	Rebecca Hunt (left), of CBHECA, and Larissa Lemoine, of Rankin, empty the tanks at the finish line of the Junior Girls event of the Highland Region cross-country running meet on Thursday.
5922	“Rebounding isn’t the sexiest thing, but rebounding won that game hands down.
5923	Recently a school teacher was fired and arrested for slapping a child in her class.
5924	Recognition for your studies in at least the two countries that you studied, if not more.
5925	❏ Reconfirm drivers, florist, entertainment, venue.
5926	Recordkeeping gives you a solid foundation for a successful and well-managed safety program.
5927	Recreation professionals will be at Lolo Pass answering questions and offering visitors the chance to test the latest outdoor gear.
5928	Recruits join, inter alia, to earn a living, acquire social status and draw attention to their otherwise neglected grievances."
5929	Recycling Perks has a “representative in the local community,” and focuses on local businesses in its rewards system.
5930	Reduced breastfeeding after delivering the first child, consumption of red meat, avoiding fruits and vegetables, lack of exercise are all contributing factors.
5931	Reduce the heat to medium and add in peppers and onions, and cook for 10 minutes or until tender.
5932	Reece would normally be immune from leftist criticism because he is a young black man from the Deep South who writes for the Southern Poverty Law Center.
5933	Reese Witherspoon has confirmed that Legally Blonde 3 is in the works – by creating.
5934	"Referees and assistant referees are in a position of authority, custodians of the game, taking charge of 22 players and making sure the game is played in the right spirit.
5935	Reffell 7: Played his role in the opening 10 minutes which killed the game off with some great pass and movement.
5936	Ref: JELCO1 Beds: 3 Baths: 2 Pool: 1 Surface Area Built: Surface Area Plot: Stunning semi detached duplex standing on a corner plot in the beautiful area of Alamillo.
5937	Reflecting the pain, poignancy and sheer desperation of The Lost Children, follows the children's experiences as they struggle to make sense of a world where they have been told to forget their families, their homes and their culture.
5938	Regarding the identity of the roster this season, it is heavy on returning players.
5939	Regarding volunteerism, the training and rewarding of docents was discussed in terms of specifics.
5940	Regardless of motives, the result for developing nations is usually new civic buildings, such as Colombo's Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall, built in in 1973, which stands less than two miles away from the Astoria.
5941	Reggae is positive, it is meant to send positive vibrations".
5942	Regime forces bombarded areas of Job al-Jarrah and the Badiya of Homs amid clashes between regime forces and IS in the area, reports of advances for the regime forces the IS.
5943	Registration begins at 6:30 p.m. and the program at 7 p.m.
5944	Registration ends on April 21 and the program runs on Saturday’s at Darrough Chapel Park from April 22 through June 17.
5945	Registration will enable you to comment publicly throughout the site or access your digital edition if you are a Reason Digital subscriber.
5946	Reichert explains this donation as “in-kind for work we did to bring the film to readiness for the DVD mailing.”
5947	Related Categories: Friends, Man seeking Woman, Woman seeking Man
5948	Relatives and friends may call from 4:00 – 8:00 p.m. Sunday at the in Richmond.
5949	Relatives will be sought out, but if none are found the estate would become the property of the state.
5950	Reliance Digital is leaving no stone unturned to bring in this special occasion and make its customers feel very special.
5951	Reliance refinery at Jamnagar is the biggest.
5952	Religiously wear sunscreen, a large brimmed hat and light long sleeves are better than a tank top.
5953	Remember, every dollar in cost savings results in a dollar of extra cash and profit.
5954	Remember, it’s your challenge, as we journey together to a fitter you.
5955	Remember when F1 smashed into Austin in 2012, and all the maneuvering to put the U.S. Grand Prix at the end of the season, away from the hottest months?
5956	Remember when Lim Guan Eng announced that Penang is a not a Taliban state and that is why they allow beer…
5957	Remi Matthews kept his seventh clean sheet of the season as the Norwich City loanee helped continue Plymouth Argyle’s remarkable revival in League One.
5958	Remote air monitors, however, were place around the site to collect data on air pollutants.
5959	Remove from cookie sheet to a wire rack to cool.
5960	Remove from the skillet immediately to avoid cooking further.
5961	Remove puffs from the oven.
5962	Renee Tomell: Michaël, what is your part in the production?
5963	Rep. Bill Huizenga (R-MI): “Sad to see that the US Senate could not find any path forward on DACA and immigration reform today.
5964	Reportedly he was shot several times before the shooter drove off.
5965	Reporter "What is the value of all the stuff that you buy?"
5966	Reports indicate U.S. giant Verizon may buy up two small Canadian carriers which would give the company entry into the country’s wireless phone industry.
5967	Reposing at the Mortuary Chapel, Vergemount Hospital, on Wednesday from 5.00 pm until 7.00 pm.
5968	Representatives of ethno-groups "Kuraysy", "Argymak", "Yatagan", "Zaman", "Saptar", "Zainetdin" gathered in the studio of Robert Yuldashev for a jam session.
5969	Representatives of Federation of Muslim Women Association of Nigeria (FOMWAN) and the Women wing of Christian Association of Nigeria (WOWICAN) in the state declared openly that women have never had it so good.
5970	Represented by the Accountant General of the Federation, Idris Ahmed, the minister said, “A brief force majeure was declared at the Bonny Terminal, while the force majeure at Forcados, Qua Iboje and Brass terminals were still in place.
5971	Republicans are looking for accomplishments following an embarrassing drought of legislative achievements despite controlling both chambers of Congress and the White House.
5972	Republican state House Rep. Katie Arrington, who won the 1st District GOP primary Tuesday, said voters were fed up with Sanford's inaction and his lack of support for the president, who endorsed her in a tweet three hours before polls closed.
5973	Researchers conducted an experiment on babies, some only 18 months old, to determine whether laughter would help focus attention, motivate, perceive, memorize and learn.
5974	Research has shown that the common barriers for adults include the "perception of lack of time, feeling too tired and preferring to rest".
5975	Reservation of the Jobs for the majority Muslim community blocked the possibility of the getting jobs in the state.
5976	Resettlement of refugees: EU funding for 2014-2020 also aims at stimulating and supporting efforts and commitments in the field of resettlement (i.e.: taking refugees directly from a third country outside Europe and bringing them safely in the EU).
5977	Residents of Belmont on the Island of Bequia are calling on the authorities to pay attention to a piece of road that is near collapse.
5978	Residents of Clear Creek County: You have important choices to make for county commissioner and who will be responsible to our community.
5979	Residents of some countries unfortunately draw their drinking water from the same rivers that contain human and animal wastes, and the western states of the U.S. covet the trillions of gallons of fresh water of the Great Lakes.
5980	Residents of those states can be covered while attending any accredited college or university in the country.
5981	Residents peruse the art work during the premiere of the 2018 North Bennington Portrait Project at Powers Market on Thursday.
5982	Residents will be hearing more on these and other budget topics throughout the year, promised the mayor.
5983	Resigning staff were teacher Becky Holt, paraprofessional Sarah Ferguson, bus driver Larry Cox, cook Sharon Strnad and high school track coach Dan Anderson.
5984	Responsibility for addressing inequalities falls on the government, he said but also on the decisions and choices that individuals make.
5985	Retired CFB Esquimalt Base Commander Mike Williamson is the current Vice Chair.
5986	Revealing his thoughts on the Royal wedding, The Rock let us know that he thinks Meghan and Harry’s story is actually ‘perfect’ and ‘very cool’.
5987	Reverend Gan Nguyen will hold his last mass at the newly renovated Sierra Chapel.
5988	“Revolt, Resist, Defy!”, the current exhibit in the LeRoy Neiman Gallery, highlights the long history of printmaking as a medium for political dissent through the works of contemporary artists.
5989	Rewind to last year when Room Lockdown first opened its doors to unsuspecting game-lovers.
5990	Rex Tillerson on being the US Secretary of State: ‘I…
5991	Reykdal, the governor and lawmakers agree on that much.
5992	Richard Blair and his wife Fearon quickly jump back on their bike after picking up a clue.
5993	Richard Gates, chairman of the festival committee and Falmouth town manager, said: "The festival works so well due to the goodwill of the committee, groups, venues, volunteers, sound engineer Council and everyone else involved."
5994	Richards had some advice for other military children who may have family members deployed.
5995	RICHMOND, Va. (AP) - Dominion Energy is announcing plans to move nine of its older, inefficient and rarely-used power-generating units across Virginia into a dormant status.
5996	Rick Abbott, manager of Spenard Builders Supply in Soldotna, shows a pillowcase given to him by kids in his church, which he took with him to a hospital in Mexico where he sought treatment for cancer.
5997	Rick Kienlein was to take over as principal at Clearwater Secondary School.
5998	Rick Perry appointed him to chair the commission overseeing the newly created Texas Department of Motor Vehicles.
5999	Riders should be charged $1 each time they board the Metromover instead of relying on taxes meant to fund expansion of the county’s rapid transit system, Miami-Dade Commissioner Sally Heyman…
6000	Right off the bat, a student posed the million-dollar question: how do you get into the industry?
6001	Right-Wing: We want the state to give employers no other choice but to pay their employees more, by driving away everyone else who is willing to work for lower wages!
6002	Rising from a meeting with the Inspector General of Police (IGP), the governors set up a six man committee to give effect to their decision.
6003	Rising senior forward Kevin Puryear said the two men arrived on campus a week early to begin practicing, which means they displayed what their coach cares most about: extra effort.
6004	Ritner, IN; one sister, Brenda Joan Tempest of Newburn, IN; nine grandchildren and eleven great-grandchildren.
6005	River Falls Police Sgt. Jon Aubart said the suspect may have had a car parked nearby to escape in. Rinehart was called immediately at his home where he was watching Monday Night Football.
6006	RJ Davis contributed 22 points, four rebounds and four steals for the Crusaders in the championship game.
6007	"Robert Carter is related to me by marriage, we didn't know that until we got selected for this place," Logan explained.
6008	Robert Hansen, 79, died of cancer at Valley View Nursing Home in Glasgow on July 12. Services will be Tuesday, July 17 at 10am at First Lutheran Church in Glasgow with Reverend Martin Mock officiating.
6009	Robert Maddix, economic development officer with RDÉE P.E.I., said that in their first three sales missions to Montreal, “We estimate that each of our participants was able to sell more than $25,000 worth of products.”
6010	Roberto Tapia, one of the most popular performers in the Mexican Regional music genre, returns to the Chumash Casino Resort’s Samala Showroom at 8 p.m. Friday, June 29. Tickets for the show are $45, $55 and $65.
6011	Robert Wilson, a senator in the Republic, equated politicians in Washington D.C. to the "kings and emperors" of the past, and sees Texas independence as part of a worldwide movement for local control.
6012	Robinson portrays his subject as an embodiment of Islamic scholarship’s centuries-old tradition to which Jamal Mian’s family contributed immensely.
6013	ROCHESTER, N.Y. — Citizens Bank announced it has hired Bill Bliek to expand its corporate banking team in Rochester and Western New York.
6014	Rock and roll and mainstream entertainment belong to the baby boomers, and their pockets are significantly deeper than many of the young music fans out there.
6015	ROCKY MOUNT - Dorothy Mae Hines-Cousar, 81, of Rocky Mount, died on Friday, April 25, 2014.
6016	ROCKY MOUNT -- In their first season under the leadership of Coach Pat Smith, members of the 2012 Rocky Mount Academy Eagles Varsity baseball team soared to old heights once again as they returned to the NCISAA state baseball tournament recently.
6017	Rodriguez was not armed, and Vancouver police arrested him on suspicion of two counts of third-degree assault on an officer.
6018	Roland Challis, the BBC's south east Asia correspondent at the time, told me how the British government was secretly involved in this slaughter.
6019	Romania's ruling Social Democrats on Tuesday (16 January) put forward European Parliament lawmaker Viorica Dăncilă to become prime minister, after power struggles within the party forced out the second premier in seven months.
6020	Romoke W. Ahmad, IlorinThe National Hajj Commission of Nigeria (NAHCON) has charged state pilgrims boards and travel agencies involved in the 2018 hajj operations to commence early arrangements for biometric data capturing of intending pilgrims.
6021	Ronaldo ended last season trophyless with Real Madrid although he helped Portugal qualify for Euro 2016.
6022	Ron Higgins said that a building project in North Frontenac is not on right now.
6023	Rony claimed the two young women were prostitutes he had hired.
6024	Roosevelt and the Democrats spent 85 years working to get us basic health insurance and we need to keep it,” Rickman says.
6025	Rosario explained that during the school selection process “only the well-being of students was analyzed, with input from the community and from the mayors who contributed.”
6026	"Roseanne" is among the recent wave of reboots currently on TV or in the works, including "Murphy Brown," "Magnum P.I.," "Charmed" and "Fuller House," which premiered on Netflix.
6027	Rose teasingly encouraged the women to indulge in extra desserts.
6028	Rose, whose group is an online safe space for those struggling with mental health issues, found herself triggered after eating at a chain restaurant.
6029	Ross felt that his food was the best, he always did exactly what he promised (and sometimes more) and she never had to chase him to finish something.
6030	Rowan was also active in her community making quilts and afghans.
6031	Rowley said his exercise abroad was successful and he was expected back in the “not too distant future,” adding Cuffie had made considerable progress.
6032	Roxanne Roxanne is a 2017 American drama film written and directed by Michael Larnell.
6033	Royal fans on Twitter expressed their sadness that Meghan had caved to this old-fashioned rule.
6034	R Systems Intl closes above 150-Day Moving Average of 40.70 today.
6035	Ruby Beach Brewing is located at 131 – 1st Ave. N, in the heart of Jacksonville Beach, a short walk to the beachfront (meaning that you might want to take a Crowler to go!
6036	Ruby, the seventh of eight children, was born October 27, 1927, in Carlisle, Tx.
6037	Rudi would be attacked.
6038	Rules changes for the 2016 baseball and softball seasons were made at rules committee meetings last month in Indianapolis.
6039	Rupiah and his minions should not think that our people are not able to read what is happening to their country.
6040	Rushing from work, he was arrested in front of his children and transported “to Rugeley police station at about 2 o’clock in the afternoon.”
6041	Russia, Saudi Arabia and the U.S. all eye increased output.
6042	Russ Mobley, standing in the center of the back row, of Campbellsville, recently celebrated his 80th birthday with family and friends during a reception at Campbellsville Baptist Church.
6043	Ruth Mittelstadt ArnottRuth Mittelstadt Arnott passed away on October 16th.
6044	Sacasa's attorney, Arthur Saldivar, questioned the validity of the statement because the officer was writing of events which happened in the future.
6045	Sadly, ODNR has been much more open with its two main regulatory agencies – U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and Ohio EPA – than the dam’s neighbors who will have to live with the results for many years.
6046	Sadly, officials ruled Prichett-Ettner offside and disallowed the miracle goal.
6047	Said Hamilton: “The people are turbulent and changing; they seldom judge or determine right.
6048	SALEM — John “David” Hargrave, 59, of Salem was called home on Saturday, April 14, 2018 following a lengthy illness.
6049	Samantha Bee, who had often lionized Schneiderman on her show, fumed, “This is especially infuriating given his supposed woke bae-ness,” she said.
6050	Samlyn Capital Ltd Company has 0.36% invested in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (NASDAQ:CTSH) for 203,874 shares.
6051	Sam Newton – This woman did nothing for the people who elected her after the earthquakes, now she’s in a higher profile job I’m not surprised that’s changed.
6052	Sam Poorman agreed to provide commissioners with that information upon his receipt of it.
6053	Sampson is one of the highest-rated players to ever commit to the Bulldogs.
6054	Sam rides the school bus with the kids of Scott McAuliffe and Liz and Travis Emery ’97.
6055	Samsung clearly doesn’t believe in subtlety when it comes to mocking its major rival.
6056	Samsung is banking on the device to protect its market dominance as it competes with Apple Inc’s (latest iPhones due to be unveiled later on Tuesday.
6057	Samvel Tangyan, head of the Department of Agriculture and Environment at the Syunik Provincial Government who signed the agreement, told Hetq at the time that the document was merely a transcript listing the points agreed to by the parties.
6058	Sanchez-Gonzalez entered his guilty plea before United States District Judge Louis Guirola, Jr. in federal district court in Gulfport, Mississippi.
6059	Sanchez laughed about the honor, but explained, "I care about social issues.
6060	Sanderson excels at writing solid character relationships, which are often hilarious, especially with the comedic timing between Wax and Wayne.
6061	Sanders testified in municipal court Monday that Brown and Chamberlain were driving along Adams Street when they approached two individuals who were walking.
6062	Sands Corp VP Andy Abboud spoke with 13 Action News earlier this week on the proposed Las Vegas stadium.
6063	Santana Quinn holds the top time at 12.47 seconds.
6064	• Santo Domingo received the 2010 Cultural Capital Award from the American Capital of Culture.
6065	Satan uses words and puts fear and death into them.
6066	Saturday: Partly cloudy, chance of shower/storm, high of 88.
6067	Saturday’s questioning of Senator Gill was believed to be in relation to the purported police beating.
6068	Saudi was always closed, you couldn’t own any asset, company or investment there.
6069	Save money - with meal planning you tend not to impulse buy or waste as much food.
6070	Save room for the signature white chocolate bread pudding or the classic creme brulee or cheesecake.
6071	Sawyer Bridges picked up his second save for South Carolina, recording the final two outs of the game.
6072	Say goodbye to the cold wet weather and hello to the warm sunshine.
6073	Says Argenta, “I always enjoy an opportunity to work with Marc!”
6074	SBDC Director Charles D’Agostino set up a meeting for him with its owners.
6075	SBI was in the third place.
6076	Scale 4. Do you work effectively as part of a team, are able to work with minimum supervision and have experience of adhering to health and safety in the workplace?
6077	Scammers were at it last year with phishing text messages, and emails, and expect the action to ramp up around tax time.
6078	Scattered along the way are large “destination” parks with amenities including basketball courts and picnic areas.
6079	Schauer and Boettger attained 4.0 grade point averages.
6080	Schmidt simply ignored this - no doubt he assumed that the gratitude of the agricultural industry would help him more than the anger of the people.
6081	Schoffield also anchored the Pride’s third-place 4x400 relay, and competed in the 1,500 and ran on the 4x200, leading MV to a sixth-place finish in Division II, an improvement over its eighth-place finish the year before.
6082	Schofield Barracks went back in time, Saturday, bringing back the military essence of various historical eras at the Tropic Lightning Museum’s annual Living History Day.
6083	Schoolchildren are being urged not to walk home alone after two men are believed to have approached children heading home from Ivanhoe College in Ashby.
6084	School cuts felt locallyFinancially strapped school districts across the state may soon take another hit in state funding.
6085	School has send out a prompt to Grades 4 to 8. Students are asked to develop their own ideas using good grammar and punctuation skills.
6086	School is compulsory up to the age of 16 and government schools are free at the primary and secondary levels.
6087	School kids of my generation hid under our desks during nuclear drills in the 50s, so I guess we will follow our leaders this time too.
6088	School lunch menus for the week of April 27. Glenford/Somerset/ Thornville Elementary Monday: Pizza bites, buttered corn, choice of fruit, and Scooby snacks.
6089	Schools are not jails.
6090	“Schools play a huge role in the development of children, and at Tennis Australia we want to continue to support schools in providing an environment where the health and well being of students is a top priority,” Mr Tiley said.
6091	Scientists hypothesized there were two possible paths to a bomb.
6092	Scoring first place for the high school girls in individual shooting was Sarah Sundene.
6093	Scott Ian, of Anthrax, posted a photo of his Malcolm Young tattoo and said “what he means to me is unquantifiable.”
6094	SD: It’s easy, just listen to the song.
6095	Sean Paul is a real Jamaican, but he does not speak Patois.
6096	Search Services : Computer Services Category, Preferred Target "College"
6097	Sears used to be the premiere retailer in this country, now look at them.
6098	Seas: Moderate with significant wave heights between 1.2-
6099	Seaton has caught some eyes recently, and eluded even more, by making some fast, surprising hits which have the effect of rendering opponents confused before realizing they’d been scored on.
6100	Seattle City Council members said they needed to implement a head tax to help fund services and because efforts to implement an income tax have been unsuccessful in the state.
6101	Seattle Mariners relief pitcher Edwin Diaz, right, shakes hands with catcher Mike Zunino after closing out the Tampa Bay Rays during the ninth inning of a baseball game Friday, June 8, 2018, in St. Petersburg, Fla. The Mariner.
6102	Sebelius added, “Our state’s motto is as true today as it was in 1861.
6103	Section 6 of the act will allow for the violation of Jamaicans' privacy as personal data collected could be disclosed “without any of us having an opportunity to prevent the disclosure from taking place”.
6104	Security and stability in our household and relationship are what we all seek, and if our partner’s overall wellbeing is such an important factor, why do we often avoid discussing our finances?
6105	Security guard in Newcastle East amid the dust storm.
6106	Security personnel rushed to the ASF academy in Karachi on Tuesday morning after shots were fired.
6107	Security sources have said in the past that many vehicles used in bombings in Lebanon in recent weeks and months were rigged in Syria, specifically Yabroud, before being smuggled into Lebanon.
6108	Seeing familiar customers — who have been part of our extended Full Moon family for so many years — walk in the door!
6109	See MEMRI Special Dispatch No. 6190, 
6110	Seems like sunburn would be a risk in our hot, sunny climate.
6111	See you on Feb 16 in cinemas near you!
6112	Self-described revolutionary Bernie Stephan parted ways with his listeners during Monday’s Post Carbon Radio, a twice-monthly program he has co-hosted with his friend, the more moderate Bing Gong, for the last several years.
6113	Sells has been wanted since May 2013 for allegedly sexually assaulting two girls younger than 14 in Amarillo.
6114	Selman worked at various positions in Clinton but was best known for his art work, and he was self-employed at many jobs.
6115	Senate Suspends Plenary After Fire Outbreak »
6116	Senator Lee received a lot in Barrigada Heights.
6117	Senators of both parties are pushing for more aggressive antitrust enforcement.
6118	Senators questioned Mr Lloyd's IPA links after the public service commission faced criticism over new social media rules against public servants revealing their political opinions.
6119	Sen. Bernie Sanders explains why he won't endorse his son's congressional campaign in New Hampshire.
6120	Send your results to kirk.
6121	Sen. Georgia Davis Powers posed for a portrait in her Louisville apartment on Jan.
6122	Senior Alyssa Holmes-Gethers captured the emotion of parents and grandparents as she reflected earlier on the graduation activities and her own future.
6123	Senior Colonel Chen Deming, 49-year-old, has participated in hundreds of rounds of missile flight test missions and led in China's project of "Anti-missile Range Test Technology".
6124	Senior Racquel Zurick looks to round out her career as a Knight with a successful fall season where she will serve as the team's captain.
6125	Senior Robert Kelly serves against Virginia on April 1 at the Cone-Kenfield Tennis Center.
6126	SENTSOV: Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Sunday it was too early to discuss in detail a possible prisoner exchange with Ukraine, amid hopes for the release of fi.
6127	Seoul has denied any involvement in the case.
6128	Serena is a 21 times Grand slam winner (if you are referring to only singles) and 36 times Grand Slam Winner (if you count titles in doubles as well).
6129	Series: Sri Lanka beat India in the opening game of the series, but Rohit Sharma and company made.
6130	Serious hard work will be done by Pakistan.
6131	Services for Mrs. Bird will be held at 11:00 am, Saturday, August 10, at Cox Funeral Home Chapel.
6132	Services for Victor West will be at 3:00 p.m. Wednesday, April 10th, at the Day & Carter Mortuary with Bros. Max Shelton, Gordon Tilley, and Merla Craig officiating.
6133	Services, not impacted in terms of crowd numbers or significance by the damp conditions, also paid tribute to those currently serving in war and peacekeeping operations across the globe.
6134	Setbacks in the Darien High School cafeteria expansion project have pushed the expected completion date…
6135	Set the record straight.
6136	Setting attainable goals is also important.
6137	Seven of the other top performers hail from the Cayo District, 14 from the Belize District, 1 from the Stann Creek District and one from the Toledo District.
6138	Seventh, there is a healthy fear of the emotion of the masses and of its potential to destabilize natural law upon which real freedom is based, as for example the notion that some one else’s wealth belongs to them.
6139	Seventy percent of residents surveyed following the pilot were in favor of having more pedestrian streets on weekend nights and about 60 percent were receptive to having them at other times.
6140	Several days earlier, another meeting at the Bezons city hall dealt with Palestinian prisoners held in Israeli jails.
6141	Several homes were swept away before dawn Tuesday when mud and debris roared into neighborhoods in Montecito from hillsides stripped of vegetation during a recent wildfire.
6142	Several hundred metres underground, thousands of labourers grind away day and night on a mammoth hydroelectric project in contested Kashmir, where India and Pakistan are racing to tap the subcontinent's diminishing freshwater supplies.
6143	Several of his belongings including a bicycle and clothing were found in another area about half a mile away, near the entrance to the DFC area of the island.
6144	Several other equities analysts also recently issued reports on the company.
6145	"Several staff praised his leadership, with one saying, 'He has a clear vision and his enthusiasm is contagious.'
6146	Several Ugandans have been awed by the riches of Brian Kirumira aka Brian White, with many questioning the source of incredible wealth.
6147	Several years later, God once again spoke to Abraham.
6148	Sex doll the size of a CHILD being made in a Japanese factory reduces a TV presenter to tears – as the manufacturer admits customers decide the robots' 'age'
6149	SFSU President Les Wong said in a letter to the campus community that “flyers were posted by an outside extremist group … vandalizing our campus.”
6150	Shabia destryed the Italian farms in Aligider and Elaberid.
6151	Shaded by tall pine trees, the pool opens May 26 and stays open through Labor Day.
6152	Shadow of Mordor’s Nemesis system allows players to create their own story.
6153	Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol starrer Dilwale has collected a whopping Rs 100 crore worldwide in the first three days of its release.
6154	Shank jets from meeting to meeting in her elegant, pearly white Jaguar, raising money, making presentations and visiting with staff in the field.
6155	Shares of the company (Ticker: ) were up 4 percent to $20.22 early Tuesday afternoon, taking their three-month gains to more than 20 percent.
6156	Shawn Bowles, a former member of the Manitoba AAA Midget Hockey League's Yellowhead Chiefs, was named a runner up.
6157	She added: “Detectives are especially keen to speak to one potential witness, a man described as in his 40s and wearing a suit and tie who spoke briefly with uniformed officers in Castle Park.
6158	She added: "I will be doing everything I can to get healthy, fit and ready to compete."
6159	She admits everything has spiralled out of control.
6160	She advises, “If photos are sent, do not show any indicators such as your face or tattoos.”
6161	She also brings experience that would be valuable to our community.
6162	She also joins the San Francisco Ballet for Leonid Desyatnikov’s “Russian Seasons” as a part of Alexei Ratmansky’s Diamond Project, a work she premiered in the 2005-06 season and reprised the following season with the New York City Ballet.
6163	She also praised Florence as a “great small-town community.”
6164	She also said the nearby incident was "freaky."
6165	She always said, “It’s not just the delivering of food, but to visit with them a little bit,” so it’s food with love built into this organization.
6166	She always wore a smile and was so happy to be around her family.
6167	“She and the central office staff are all wonderful.
6168	She and the class explained that their best can range from getting 100 percent of their language activities right to going from getting 3 of 10 to 7 of 10 math problems right, indicating growth.
6169	She appeared to be a high school student working her first after-school job, and she couldn't be happier.
6170	She asked us whether biographers had anything in common with serial killers, ‘who also like to cover themselves with the skin of dead people?’
6171	She attended Sioux Valley High School where she was an enthusiastic and high-spirited cheerleader, a member of the band, and a gifted actress, playing the lead role in her high school play.
6172	She became a nurse practitioner in 1994 and subsequently served in health care in Tupelo, Marks and Lexington.
6173	She called on government officials, private individuals, humanitarians, corporate entities, and philanthropists to come to the aid of the students.
6174	She called on her provincial counterparts Ontario PC Leader Doug Ford and Ontario NDP Leader Andrea Horwath to join her in calling on the federal government to protect steel jobs in the province.
6175	“She came from a huge losing streak, a lot of losses and nobody giving her opportunities.
6176	She claimed the couple's "immaturity" was to blame for the rushed plans and that they regretted it.
6177	She contacted police and the suspects, ages 27 and 34, were arrested and charged with burglary and related offenses.
6178	She continues studies of music in the current Amadeo Roldán Conservatory of Music.
6179	She described cognitive technology not as a replacement for humans in the workplace, but as a member of a human-technology partnership that can complement human expertise.
6180	She described it as chaos.
6181	She described this as “a phenomenal drop”.
6182	She describes her practices and talks about impacts of upcoming solar eclipse.
6183	She deserves huge congratulations.”
6184	She developed me into a better player.
6185	She died April 28, 2018.
6186	She enjoyed all aspects of church service, serving on various committees and washing lots of dishes and making lots of meals for others.
6187	She enjoyed gospel music, sewing and spending time with her family that she loved so much.
6188	She enjoyed volunteer work throughout her life.
6189	She entered the Congregation in 1935 from the parish of St. Vincent Ferrer, Brooklyn.
6190	She especially loved Lakel and her church family.
6191	She even managed to attract the support of several former Democratic mayors of the Borough and the Township.
6192	She exulted: “After spending more than 30 years in politics, this is the first time in all these 30 years that I have experienced a sense of fulfilment and achievement because today we have permanently secured Tamil Nadu’s rights over the Cauvery waters….
6193	She felt surprised because she thought it “very unlikely” for Pagala to join the NPA because he was gentle, thin, short and fair-skinned.
6194	She filled 36 backpacks of school supplies, hygiene items and toys for them.
6195	She filled a glass only partially full of water and spilled it on Couch Coat.
6196	She finished tied for first in the high jump with an effort of 5-05, but settled for second place after losing the tiebreaker.
6197	She fits right in. At a recent game at Worcester State, players talked and joked with her when she was on the bench and spoke with admiration about her playing ability when she took the field.
6198	She further assured the MCE and the nation as well to do their possible best to make Ghana proud.
6199	She had antidepressants and the desire to make her mission work.
6200	She hadn’t seen him for well over seven years.
6201	“She has a deep rooted faith in God and has shared his grace to others by demonstrating a loving kindness seldom found.
6202	She has also had people bring her family recipes that she made and served at their receptions.
6203	She has friends who own bars in Canada who cannot sell cigarettes in their establishments, much less have ashtrays available without risking a fine.
6204	She has talent.
6205	She has won numerous honors in the Games Uniting Mind and Body (G.U.M.B.O.) Games and was named Bantam Athlete of the Year in 1998 and is an inspiration to everyone who knows her.
6206	Shehbaz had later said consensus had been reached on the candidate, who is a former chief secretary.
6207	She held various offices in all memberships, and for many years, she was the church organist for the Brady Methodist Church and pianist for the Sunday School when her children were small.
6208	She hugs them, feeds them and draws near to hear their stories.
6209	She invites businesses interested in offering internships to contact the GHS marketing program as well.
6210	She is a board member at Temple Emanu-El.
6211	She is also a Reiki Master and a certified Acutonics practitioner.
6212	She is currently cashing in with strip-club gigs, and CBS cashed in with boffo ratings.
6213	She is demanding to be paid the sum of N500million as damages for not honoring the promise to marry her.
6214	She is ordered not to have contact with the student or anyone else younger than 18.
6215	She is presently employed with Claire Edwards, Attorney at Law, LLC.
6216	“She is very sick.
6217	She jumps onstage and starts cursing off her husband, much to the crowd’s delight.
6218	"She likely was a great teacher who even inspired her own sect of followers, called Mariamnists, who existed from around the 2nd to the 3rd century."
6219	She'll be a nice matchup against Stephanie Jones, who plays a very similar role for the Terps.”
6220	Shelli Bond Pabis is a Winder resident and columnist for the Barrow Journal.
6221	She married Ollie Ray Burton Dec. 31, 1960, and he preceded her in death Oct. 8, 2008.
6222	She notes that based on the latest LB census population data, there is no legal requirement to change the 5th district lines at all.
6223	She points to a man who plummeted from a high-rise as a boy, another two who fell down stairs, a brain aneurysm victim, and a guy who bounced off a golf cart.
6224	Sheraton globally leads the worldwide initiative to support UNICEF’S immunization and malaria programs for vulnerable children in developing countries of the Check Out for Children organization.
6225	She retired from Naval Surface Warfare Center-Crane, and had been employed by Ted Jones, Dr. Hammel, and Wilking & Combs Agency.
6226	Sheriff's Arrest Log• Randall E. Warner, 36, 2010 N. 2150 St., St. Elmo, was arrested on Oct. 7 on a charge of aggravated domestic battery.
6227	Sheriff's Offices in Charleston, Berkeley, Dorchester and Colleton Counties each provided Live 5 News with images of parents with outstanding Family Court warrants for unpaid child support.
6228	She said 95% of youth in her program are suffering from or affected by addiction.
6229	She said her visit to the Holy Land had given her the conviction that all that she had read in the Bible about the mysteries of God were not lies but true stories.
6230	She said Morse was “conflating sexual topics with making personal comments about my sexuality.”
6231	She said that is how some of the programs like Baby Strong got started.
6232	She said the country is more polarizing than ever and healing the country will take 'radical empathy; and a return to 'rational debate'.
6233	She said the lower court must look more closely at the facts to decide.
6234	She said the two operated in ways she and others took issue with.
6235	She said they are aimed at ‘people who want to flex their funny bones, fathom out how to craft and deliver comedy material, and learn how to stand up to stand out’.
6236	She said, this indicated that prevention and treatment programmes were effective compared with international standards.
6237	She said Washington was still a pivotal peacemaker.
6238	She's already a big hit with the fans.
6239	She saw it after her third marriage failed.
6240	She says, "If I leave the kids in my community they're not going to be able to have an example to say there's a doctor that I can look up to, that I want to be like her when I grow up."
6241	She says she is supporting the Lismore, Ballina, Byron and Kyogle councils and Rous Water County Council.
6242	She’s being supported to finish her studies on two days of the week.
6243	She’s come straight from her nursing job at a local hospital, still in her bright purple scrubs, ID tag around her neck.
6244	She seemed most impressed with meeting former U.S. Senator Bob Dole, also a WWII veteran.
6245	She’s excelled at playing the tough, stylish female and her canon is well stocked with empowered female roles, and if there is one role Kasumba would love to play, it would be that of the best friend.
6246	She shared how she was nervous at first because she was better in drawing and photography, “but when I started learning Illustrator and InDesign, I realized there are so many things I can do.
6247	She’s in charge of prisoner welfare and administrative needs, the brig’s training program and a team of other corrections specialists.
6248	She taught art in junior and senior high schools for 16 years; at Rosary College (now Dominican University) in River Forest, Ill.; and at Edgewood College, Madison.
6249	She that “refugees are not numbers, but human beings like you and me”.
6250	She then started college in Richmond, Va., as a fine arts undergraduate and continued her studies at Western Washington University, focusing on printmaking.
6251	She told the BBC: 'It's been a profoundly shocking 24 hours.
6252	She transferred to Cal State Long Beach and studied photojournalism, acquiring basic darkroom skills and working on the school newspaper.
6253	She travelled the world as a gymnast representing the Canadian National Team, including a stint at the 1980 Olympics.
6254	She tweeted: "Trading mandates does not put PM on strong ground."
6255	She used Kickstarter in April and May to raise $40,000 to manufacture Tally Jump.
6256	She was a girl of many talents, and these skills continued in the classroom.
6257	She was also a certified SAP professional.
6258	She was also an amazing aunt to seven precious nieces and nephews, who thought the world of her, Alexis and Juli Minchey, Haley Fowler, Michael Phillips, Jaida Jackson, Aubrie Fowler and Tommy Batchelor.
6259	She was also an under-16 judo champion for the north of England and southern Scotland.
6260	She was also awarded first place in the Great American Song Contest, folk/acoustic category, and was named Folk/Acoustic Artist of the Year at the Virginia Music Awards.
6261	She was awakened at 4 a.m. every morning; given a piece of bread with 20 grams of margarine; and then marched to work under military convoy.
6262	She was a wonderful cook and loved inviting family over for big dinners.
6263	She was blessed with 67 grand, great-grand, and great-great-grandchildren.
6264	She was born in Canada to Australian parents.
6265	She was focused on the future by completing an EMT licensing through Albany High and was recently accepted into LSU for the fall semester to pursue a Bachelors of Science degree in Nursing.
6266	She was hired as director of development during the nine-month stewardship of former executive director David Smith.
6267	She was identified by the last names of Sánchez Castro.
6268	She was involved in a leadership role in nearly every organization she joined.
6269	She was last seen wearing a gold coloured dress and a pair of black shoes.
6270	She was married on Feb.
6271	She was married to the late Frank Lester Harper.
6272	She was preceded in death by her husband of 72 years, Wade LeBlanc Sr.; and sisters, Yuline Dwyer and Inez Landry.
6273	She was preceded in death by her husband, Willie Thompson; daughter, Shelby Jean James; 2 great grandchildren, Hayden Charlie and Evan Keith Seabolt; four brothers and three sisters.
6274	She was preceded in death by her parents; her husband; one son, Terry Todd; daughter-in-law, Debbie Todd; and one sister, Clorine Goen.
6275	She was right, I was wrecked, but I was doing exactly what I wanted to do.
6276	She was the cherished wife of the late Frank Camillieri; loving mother of Frank R. Camillieri, Elaine T. Burns, and the late Maria E. Cummings.
6277	She was the first American to become queen of an Arab nation.
6278	She was the sixth child of 10 born to John and Frieda Motz.
6279	She was wiping her eyes with her chador.
6280	She was working in her kitchen when a shopkeeper told her that her son had been hit by a bullet.
6281	She will be lovingly remembered by her fifteen grandchildren and twelve greatgrandchildren in Canada and her five nieces and nephews in England.
6282	She will be sadly missed by her sisters Linda (Dennis), Kathleen (Richard) Tryon, Rosemarie Wood and her brothers Butch (June), Edward, Tom (Jane), Bob (Jeannette), Kevin (Marsha) and Garry.
6283	She worked her entire life as a bookkeeper in the Caledonia State Bank, Rochester Bank and French's Produce until age 78. Her husband died in 1967.
6284	She worked in Brandon Manitoba, Medicine Hat and Red Deer.
6285	She would be delighted to know I was trying to do something for others.”
6286	She would hold my hand so hard that it would hurt.”
6287	Shifting the tax burden to lower and middle class citizens is their true art form.
6288	Shirak FC from Armenia’s second largest town of Gyumri will play in the second qualifying round of the UEFA Europa League against Slovakian Spartak Trnava.
6289	Shiva is being trained to help Carey with physical and emotional stabilization as he continues to overcome his struggles.
6290	Shook and Wesley compiled a 6-1 record on the year.
6291	Shoppers take note: Mountain View's ban on plastic grocery bags begins on Earth Day, Monday, April 22. Read the full story.
6292	Short-haired pets feel the cold faster because they have less insulation and short-legged pets may become cold faster because their bellies and bodies are more likely to come into contact with snow-covered ground.
6293	Shortly after the fatal accident took place, a northbound truck driven by Clifford Briggs struck the rear of another vehicle which was slowing down for the accident scene.
6294	Short of starting a nuclear war —which he is also threatening —this is the most dangerous thing Trump could do to the survival of American democracy.
6295	“Short-term interests and geopolitical considerations cannot lead to exceptions to the accession criteria,” warned Liberal MEP Marietje Schaake.
6296	Should Gord Campbell have been docked 30 days pay for his conduct?
6297	Shown ability in novice company (thrice placed; 2m5f to 3m) and has had wind surgery since his handicap debut at Ludlow in April.
6298	Shri H.C. Jalmeria, Advocate called on the electorates of Udhampur Parliamentary constituency to send Prof. Bhim Singh to Lok Sabha with massive majority because he shall be the best parliamentarian in the Parliament.
6299	Shrivastava, also a senior at Olentangy High School, worked with the nanofluidics group.
6300	SHULKIN, citing reasons Trump fired him as Veterans Affairs secretary: “I have been falsely accused of things by people who wanted me out of the way.
6301	Shuly Rubin Schwartz, dean of graduate and undergraduate studies at JTS, called Hannah Weiss “a rising star in our community.”
6302	Silent witnesses of the country’s fascinating history are the ideal settings for you to rediscover romance.
6303	Silk Road allowed its users to buy and sell …
6304	Sil was the delegate from the Galatron Mining Corporation.
6305	Simcot clarified his remarks in an interview with the News on Tuesday morning.
6306	Similarly, behavioural symptoms include drowsiness, decreased appetite and apathy.
6307	Similarly, it was the Apostle Paul (who never met Jesus (YESHUAH), the person that caused Christianity to grow from a small group of zealot Jews, to become a worldwide religion to the Gentiles and the whole World.
6308	Similarly, Ms. Lane Fox, a British e-commerce pioneer, member of Parliament and Twitter board member, blamed a “rogue employee” for a series of follower purchases spanning more than a year.
6309	Similarly, no one ever thinks their pocket aces are going to get busted, until they do.
6310	Similarly, there is little attention paid to Chinese – Australian founders, and more generally Asian – Australian founders in mainstream Australia.
6311	Simmer for two hours.
6312	Simon and Karen Danczuk are doing their bit to change perceptions of their native Rochdale.
6313	Simons' oldest child, Elizabeth Simons, 57, supports the Heising-Simons Foundation, which has a broad mandate to fund climate change research and promote clean energy.
6314	Simple, direct, and transferable to all men, all women, all people of all nations of the earth.
6315	Since 1866 the B.V.I. has issued about 1,300 stamps and in the last forty years they have beenconstantly featuring more some of the most popular thematic aspects.
6316	Since 2001, it’s been a major factor in the car buying public’s move to compact crossovers.
6317	Since becoming the KMT leader, she has been working to create more opportunities for cross-Straits communication among young people, and while in Beijing, she visited a startup incubator base in the Zhongguancun area of Haidian District.
6318	Since being appointed dean of undergraduate education in 2006, Hastings has focused on giving students more international opportunities and helped modernize several aspects of students’ education.
6319	“Since I started playing for the national team, there was no (health) insurance.
6320	Since it began 30 years ago, the "1% for the Arts" program has funded more than 2,500 artistic compositions worth an estimated $14 million.
6321	Since its inception, the SS trust fund has contained ONLY a Treasury Bond.
6322	Since Morawiecki took office last December, there has been a change in style in Poland's handling of the commission's rule of law concerns.
6323	Since retiring from his playing career, Alex has carved out a successful career commentating on baseball games and the 'Dinero' singer loves attending the games he's working on.
6324	Since the early 1950s, South and North Korea have technically been at war with each other.
6325	Since the last two columns were more of travel travails, one could not expound on the trivial bit due to the self-imposed parameters of keeping the TT within a not-too-boring and sleep inducing length.
6326	Since then, he has expanded his business.
6327	Since then, many scientists, managers and harvesters have been working hard to figure out how to combat the problem.
6328	Since then, the Colombo museum has taken various steps to display the cultural and natural heritage of the country, and several expansions have taken place from time to time, with extensions like the East, West, and North wings.
6329	Since then, the National Association of Home Builders has fought to remove the requirement.
6330	Since then, this Muslim minority group (in the Buddhist-majority Myanmar) largely lives in the troubled state of Rakhine.
6331	Since the release of the said telephone conversation, both the university authorities as well as other stakeholders have waded into the issue with a vow to getting into its root, by finding out the real truth of the weighty sex scandal allegation.
6332	Since the tourney, the Bellingham boys have beaten Norton and lost to Medfield, Hopkinton, Dover-Sherborn and Holliston.
6333	“Since we have other things to focus on first, we haven’t decided what music we will play yet during the Disney parade,” said Schmidt.
6334	Sinclair also praised the efforts of his coaching staff, whose unwavering dedication helps to make the Muskie boys' soccer program a successful one.
6335	Single-day admission passes for the Series start at $10.
6336	Single-use plastics are items like plastic shopping bags, water bottles and cups that are typically used only once.
6337	SINGLE Women as Parents Inc Notice of Special General meeting to be held Wednesday 21st December at 4pm 70 Springfield Road.
6338	Sir, I would also like to inform you that hygiene part has also been neglected," Harendra had written in his mail.
6339	“Sitka was, at one time, the capital of Alaska.”
6340	SIX WORLD War II veterans from Leelanau County hung around after a Memorial Day ceremony at the Veterans Memorial Plaza for a photo.
6341	Skidmore was charged with trafficking in cocaine, illegal drugs or marijuana, and heroin.
6342	Skills Development Scotland are set to exhibit at the Glasgow Scottish Apprenticeship Show on the 7th and 8th October.
6343	SKV offers proprietary investments and services in corporate finance, capital markets, private equity, real estate, fund management, and managed accounts in Hong Kong through its local associates.
6344	Skyrocketing property values may be a thing of the past.
6345	Slang is an alternative to the use of proper language and grammar.
6346	Slavin said he didn't know if other victims will be found.
6347	Slightly better than coin flipping.
6348	Slowly add remaining 1 cup sugar, 2 Tbsp. at a time, beating well after each addition.
6349	Slowly and methodically, the crews did their checks, taking longer than they would normally to ensure everything was right.
6350	Slowly as he matured in script writing as a producer director and actor he won the best play and best director prize in 1989 for his Hindi play ‘.
6351	Slow news day, Zac?
6352	Slugger Lee Seung-yuop bade farewell to baseball fans in his style - belting two home runs in his final game against the Nexen Heroes on Oct. 3 at the Daegu Samsung Lions Baseball Park.
6353	SLUSH, which spread to the streets of Helsinki another memorable time on 18-19 November, is a great proof that the community is working towards the same goals and defiantly reaches globally recognised success!
6354	Smart borders, along with the future roll out of the EU’s passenger name records (PNR), were key discussion points among interior ministers in Luxembourg on Thursday.
6355	Smithton-based Councillor Ashley Popowski is highly motivated for his newest role on the Australian Masters Games Committee for the Cradle Coast.
6356	Snakes and stage slips: There's drama and the MTV Video Music Awards haven't even begun yet.
6357	Snakes are no different from other critters in the sense that they gather where food is readily available.
6358	Snowy Monaro Regional Council is advising customers in Jindabyne that the water mains replacement project work has started this week and is expected to be completed by June 30, 2018 in Clyde St, Jindabyne and Jerrara Drive, East Jindabyne.
6359	Snyder says that although the program is still a work in progress, there has been a growing interest in a co-curricular learning model for years.
6360	Snyder's office said last week that the Michigan Strategic Fund will offer $950,000 to Denso International America Inc. to expand its Southfield headquarters.
6361	So are we ready to loose our rights to our Nature Isle to some visitors who spends 5, 6, 7, 800 bucks a night?
6362	So as sympathetic as Vi is in Reali’s performance, the play’s more about the parents.
6363	So, back to the trenches sir.
6364	So Buckwheat had the run of the property while we were at work.
6365	So by the time the law takes effect, it may end up not being needed.
6366	Soca Artist Blaxx Apologises to Police Following Indecent Outburst on Stage in Point Fortin.
6367	Socialite Huddah Monroe was last Saturday hosting an exclusive party at Aqua Blu Lounge Westlands courtesy of Southern Comfort Whiskey.
6368	Social media has made the world of fashion a lot smaller.
6369	Social support was measured using registry data on living alone or not, and survey questions about feeling lonely - Do you have someone to talk to when you need it?
6370	Society sees progress as conquering the wild, banishing the wild man, domesticating humans.
6371	So civic authorities have been toying with idea of introducing an effective system to provide commuters comfortable and speedy options.
6372	So, Common Sense, if you are out there somewhere, can you please come back and re-enter the minds of people today?
6373	So considering all the circumstances, especially the warmth of the weather, we guess it’s best not to get mad.
6374	So do Europeans whose ancestors organized the trade in Africa.
6375	So don’t believe me.
6376	So far, Allen has been silent on the matter.
6377	So far, the next two games have been strong, with two victories and four points and only a lone road loss to Drayton Valley.
6378	So far this year, 154 people have already lost their lives on NSW roads, four more than the same time last year.
6379	So for instance, I don't notice too many artists with cultivated, underground personas and pseudonyms.
6380	So for us, we have to stay on the issues.
6381	Softball player Kaylee Strickland said the series prepared her for her future.
6382	Software-defined and hybrid cloud solutions that reduce complexity and tame the IT monster so you can unleash speed and accelerate with confidence.
6383	So, George got our first swing set, slide and all, and set it up inside the patio for the winter.
6384	So, go out of your way to invent fanciful content that communicates your message in unusual ways.
6385	So he did, and it was cancer.
6386	So I feel like I’m going to heaven.
6387	“So I figured, ‘What are the chances?
6388	So if what you have heard is something you can believe and if what the president has told the nation is the whole truth and nothing but the truth, then you'd have to agree that this is the worst and most damaging smear of the 20th century?
6389	So, if you are interested in finding cars, real estate, jobs, electronics, sports equipment or furniture, then you are in the right place.
6390	So if your son knows how to do math, are you going to let him balance your books?
6391	So I invite you to consider something milder.
6392	So I know you guys really like looking for new reasons to hate Gordon Smith, let's just put this topic to bed right now eh?
6393	So I’ll give you three fact-based reasons why you can feel positive about Stoops’ latest OC hires.
6394	So instead they act like their president and become crying man-babies.
6395	So in the case of the budding trees, it seems to be more of a reaction than a forecast … but don’t tell Grandma that!
6396	So I think that’s why it comes through so clearly now, especially on the newer songs.
6397	So, it's interesting to do work that makes you think about yourself.
6398	So, I volunteered in my own optometrist's office when I was in high school and college, which led to a job opportunity in his office and then that just solidified that that was what I wanted to do.
6399	So I was was blessed, during the two years I spent living in Mike and Kenzie’s converted chicken barn on Bay Street in Eureka, with two years of my own amazingly fruitful vegetable patch.
6400	Solomon added that because of the obstruction to the road an elderly woman who was sick and three pregnant women were unable to leave the community on time, because transportation was unable to get them out.
6401	So, make sure you have the professional skills to communicate on the phone and appear professional in video conferences.
6402	Some 3,500 people are killed every year on both sides of the conflict.
6403	“Some areas saw more voters than others, especially where they were trying to pass a referendum.
6404	Some Australian politicians are buying right into the argument.
6405	Some clerk has been arrested for stealing 50 dollars or 10000 dollars.
6406	Some congressmen from the U Party have proposed a plebiscite to ratify the peace deal in the event it is agreed upon by the State and the FARC but the details are still to be agreed upon at the Senate.
6407	“Some council members put in for mileage to come to meetings, some do not.
6408	“Some day yoga will be in the Olympic games,” he says – so much for the relaxation.
6409	Some fell on to floating logs seasoning in the river, igniting them.
6410	Some have attempted to measure the prevalence of extreme poverty in rich countries though, including the United States.
6411	Some have deductibles and co-payments, others deduct a percentage of wages (15.5 per cent in Germany) from employees and/or employers dedicated to health care, and in others governments negotiate uniform fees with providers.
6412	Somehow, the bullets did not penetrate the boys and this caused panic on the side of the police as the boys became agitated.
6413	Some may be apprehensive that a highway like this would facilitate a Chinese military attack on India.
6414	Some may have feelings of cheer and warmth, while for others, this may be a time of sorrow or envy.
6415	Some members of New York’s lineup are definitely overperforming and should be in for some decline.
6416	Some men even when they are aware that their partners are not in the right frame of mind to engage in the act, force themselves on them none the less and just take what they want.
6417	Some Ministers of state, Deputy Ministers, Members of Parliament, Metropolitan, Municipal and District Chief Executives from the Western Region and party leadership accompanied the President during his three-day tour to the Western Region.
6418	Some modernization has been put in place — upgrades on fire-prevention measures and electronic controls, for example.
6419	Some of the companies took the government to court over their forced eviction from the diamonds fields.
6420	Some of the documents contain “leave dates” for staff as early as Friday this week.
6421	“Some of the guys had talked to me a year or so ago.
6422	Some of them are so detailed that many cannot recognise exactly what has been captured until they are told what it is.
6423	Some of them even have gyms on site, and free Wi-Fi.
6424	Some of them even wrote personal checks in the attempt to keep the paper alive.
6425	Some of them must have been a bit too noisy, and whoever insists on this quiet decided to take matters into their own hands.
6426	Some of these people have been life long friends so trust is not the issue.
6427	Someone who wants a great all-round midrange phone for under $300.
6428	Some on line casino bonuses provide free cash for sure video games.
6429	Some paintings show typical scenes of an Italian café, while others show a more industrial and urban side of the country.
6430	Some people were telling me I should start to get rid of my mixed herd of 35 head.
6431	Some proposed subdivisions were proving controversial but more houses were being built and young families were moving into the town.
6432	Some refugees may lack documentation, but the head of the refugee affairs division of the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services told Congress that “in general they have many, many documents.”
6433	“Some run small businesses out of the local shopping mall, which has been turned into a mercado.”
6434	Some saw him as a “hero” and some called him a “king,” but the so-called “honor” he deserved in the eyes of all those with consciences outside Israel, and some inside, should be the “dishonor” reserved for a war criminal.
6435	Some secrets are necessary to be sure, and that’s why the bills include provisions to ensure sensitive information is exempt from disclosure.
6436	Something people love more than a good Wetherspoons is a review of the place afterwards.
6437	Some things should be taxed very highly--salaries of pro sports players, management salaries at "nonprofit" organizations like Goodwill where managers make over $200,000, school administrators who earn over $100,000 AND have a car allowance, etc.
6438	Sometimes friendship means tolerating the obsessions, hobbies and different tastes of our friends.
6439	Sometimes, it provides as much solace as it is painful.
6440	Sometimes it’s hard even when you’re practising at home, if you’re playing with buddies or just playing by yourself really hard, to get up for it.
6441	“Sometimes its hard to give things back to the community when you are in my business, but this was one way I could do that.”
6442	Sometimes that happens, but often times it does not.
6443	Sometimes you really do have to work.
6444	Some travel for hours and hours on their skates and see nothing strange about it.’
6445	Some trees would also have to be removed.
6446	Some years later, Doris met and married Fred Allen.
6447	So much of our heritage, over the last century and a half, has been recorded in postcards.
6448	So much so I don’t recognize much of Portland’s cityscape nowadays.
6449	So much so, that when the supermarket was faced with a shortage in the supply of chocolate, it promptly moved on to wrapping gift packages of cosmetics and skin care products.
6450	So my family is helping me stay in shape, and my health plan also encourages me to stay healthy by making preventive care completely free.
6451	“Song1” is arguably the first work you encounter in Electric Earth.
6452	Sophia is a 1-year-old female shepherd mix.
6453	SORB is conducting the Sgt. 1st Class Duane Thornsbury Competition at Fort Stewart, Ga., Nov. 16, during Marne Week, a teambuilding and esprit de corps exercise for the 3rd Infantry Division.
6454	Sorry to say that Computer Technician is not part of it but a Computer Programmer is acceptable.
6455	Sorry, tropical rain forests.
6456	So school is to fix that.
6457	So she’s really been there to hold my hand and walk me through things every step of the way.
6458	So silly season has ended and at the end it is ABLP 15 UPP 1 BPM 1 life goes on and hope people learn to move on.
6459	“So that obviously has a huge impact on us.”
6460	So the challenge is to develop a regionalism concept that works with instead of against this grain.
6461	So the golden rule is, never invest the permanent in the temporary.”
6462	So the state gave itself until the start of 2018 to sort things out.
6463	So they are price sensitive and they want the best services.
6464	So, they headed back to the church, where Pastor Nate’s wife had convinced Nancy to return.
6465	So, things like that are what I want to change,” the new business owner explained.
6466	Soto is now wanted on charges of child abuse resulting in great bodily harm and evading an officer.
6467	Sounds like we might be suffering from a little karoshi here in North America as well—working flat out for decades to attain the dream of a full-stop retirement that we may never live to see.
6468	Source: Occupational accident statistics 2013, Statistics Finland.
6469	SOURCES:Sanders, S. Sexual Health, published online Feb. 22, 2012.
6470	South Africa wants to use G7 Leaders’ Summit Out-
6471	Southby kept ringing the changes, even as the advantage of 10 goals was frittered away until they fell into deficit in a dreadful third quarter, from which they couldn’t recover.
6472	South Korea's government decided on Thursday to place one midsize shipbuilder under court receivership and told another to implement a self-help program as part of its broader effort to streamline the ailing shipbuilding industry.
6473	South of the border, Mexico is the top market for U.S. corn, soybean meal, and poultry, as well as the second largest market for U.S. pork.
6474	South Sudan: world’s newest nation ‘needs international management’
6475	So we heard that there is such a request."
6476	So, we really work on our entire lineup producing runs.
6477	So we thought perhaps if we could give it some prebiotic sugars it would help the bacteria grow.
6478	So we were seven in all.
6479	So what can we do to develop our own healthy relationship to orgasms in the midst of all the cultural baggage sitting around?
6480	So what is a cock horse and where does it come from?
6481	So, when a country raises interest rates, the cost of borrowing increases.
6482	So why all the hype?
6483	So why does he have lower standards for the US than for Cambodia's genocidal regime?
6484	So you are a great quitter huh?
6485	SpaceShipOne now hangs alongside the Spirit of St. Louis at the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum.
6486	S. Pacific Commandjetstar pacific careersu.s. aircraft carrier classesu.s. aircraft carriersU.
6487	SPAH has been the island’s only private veterinary clinic since 2009, but as of early 2015 they have been at odds with Belize Veterinary Association, Veterinary Surgeons Board and Belize Agricultural Health Authority (BAHA).
6488	Sparky's green chile cheeseburgers regularly receive rave reviews from customers and last year took first place honors on the Green Chile Cheeseburger Trail, as reported by New Mexico Magazine.
6489	Speaking about the start of the asparagus season on Tuesday, April 10, Mark Kinsey said there may not be enough cutters to meet harvest demand.
6490	Speaking at a news conference in Rome Tuesday, Trudeau said his government’s decision in favour of the project was based on facts and evidence on what is in the best interests of all of Canada.
6491	Speaking at an oil conference in London on Tuesday, Nobuo Tanaka, the head of the International Energy Agency, said about one third of global oil production comes from offshore projects, with this figure set to rise to roughly one half by 2015.
6492	Speaking before the Berlin opening of his highly popular exhibition Germany – Memories of a Nation, MacGregor expressed his admiration for Germany’s rigorous appraisal of its history which he said could not be more different to that of Britain.
6493	Speaking during a panel discussion at the Cairo Climate Talks last week, Sewedy was eager to assert his company’s support for the government and its policies.
6494	Speaking from both ends of the argument, there are those that feel as if these services are creating lazy students and helping to grow an unprepared workforce.
6495	Speaking in anticipation of Shorten’s formal announcement, the prime minister said the government was reviewing the recent report from a Senate committee on such a body.
6496	Speaking of Dexter Panlilio, he and his family have been living in Winnipeg for a couple of years now.
6497	Speaking with Trend, Abakarova recalled her performance at the Olympics.
6498	Special Education report by Hoernemann stated that discussions were still underway with the Crow River Special Education Cooperative.
6499	Special thanks to Pathways and St. Johns Hospice in St. Louis for their kindness and support.
6500	Spectators are forced to stand or to bring their own lawn chairs.
6501	Speculations abound about the ex-president’s personal life and they claim that Goodluck has another wife who is a lawyer by profession.
6502	S&P Global Ratings is preparing to launch an ESG Evaluation product, competing directly with socially responsible investment rating firms such as MSCI and Sustainalytics.
6503	Spitz was founded by Dutch immigrants Tom and Emmy Droog, who began growing sunflowers in 1982.
6504	Sponges are the primitive multicellular aquatic animals that constitute the phylum Porifera.
6505	Sponsored by Penn Color, the festival, which continues through June 9, features 30 artists who have been selected competitively by two jurors to create art “en plein air,” or “in open air,” throughout picturesque Bucks County.
6506	Sports are key elements for promoting unity and patriotism among the people of their respective countries, even can eliminate enmity between two states.
6507	Spread each with Boursin cheese, jam, tapenade, and then Jack cheese (or chevre), in that order.
6508	Spread the word; our next blood drive will be Tuesday, Dec. 1, at the Immanuel Lutheran Activity Center.
6509	Spring Festival is a time of togetherness and thanks to the newly-added special trains, more families' reunions are made possible.
6510	Sprinkle evenly with shredded Italian cheese blend.
6511	Squirrel hunting or fishing?
6512	Sri Lanka has identified as the most child-friendly government in the South Asian region, according to a new groundbreaking report which measures the child-friendliness of the South Asian governments.
6513	Sr. Raffaela Cavallin from the Apostles of the Interior Life will present a talk entitled "Spiritual Amnesia of a Culture: Thoughts on Christianity in Contemporary Europe" - A Native Italian Reflects on the Role of Faith in Her Generation.
6514	S Shankar is returning as the director for the film, which is being produced by Lyca Productions.
6515	Standing with Winstead is Ruritan member Stuart Lamm.
6516	Starting off this week’s fishing report: the stripers are seen daily by bathers from Mansion Beach all the way into town, as far south as the Beachead Restaurant.
6517	“Starting on the Path of Being a Christian,” by Pulpit Minister Robert C. Veil Jr.
6518	Starvation and disease were rampant and arrests by highly oppressive police forces were not uncommon.
6519	State Emergency Service (SES) acknowledged around a dozen volunteers from several local units on Sunday, with chief officer Tim Wiebusch and south-west regional manager Alastair Drayton handing out the honours.
6520	States of the country and the FCT, under GEEP.
6521	Statistics by IRA show that insurance industry in Kenya contributes 3 percent to the national economy every year.
6522	Statistics for 1995 show that it was the first year of positive per capita income growth since 1989, and 1996 is expected to turn out even better.
6523	Stay in DPP even if you are not picked for running mate,” said Sibande.
6524	Steel Toe Jobs launches new website, new team and new features for the Construction Industry!
6525	Stelford said Diemer was getting ready for a Memorial Day gathering at his home when she ran up to him.
6526	Stella Sophia Graham was born to Krisi and Alex Graham of Mackinac Island at 8:41 a.m. Tuesday, August 18, 2009, at Hutzel Hospital in Detroit.
6527	Step 4- Accept death when it comes.
6528	Stephen Harper’s Conservatives railed against political slush funds like the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency, and then when he got into government, he set up Western Economic Development Canada to even things up.
6529	Step One: Remove all valuables from inside your car before you valet it.
6530	Steve Heathcock is releasing 'England Forever' on April 27 to raise money for homeless charity Shelter.
6531	Steve Straessle, principal at Catholic High School in Little Rock, said students are introduced to NFP in a freshman religion class called Theology of the Body for Teens and again in their senior year in the religion class Christian Marriage.
6532	Steve was big on developing value-added meat products, according to Lee.
6533	Stick around afterward and wander through the craft market, try some delicious food from one of the numerous food vendors or grab a cold one from BrewHogs and be entertained by some local acts.
6534	Sticking to the spirit of his left-leaning populist campaign message, the U.S. presidential candidate recently put Disney on notice.
6535	Still, for Mr. Obama, who taught constitutional law at the University of Chicago (where he was a colleague of Judge Wood), the vacancy is an unmistakable chance to put his stamp on the direction the court takes for the next several decades.
6536	Still, it is well to be on your toes, for there are others out there – not today but tomorrow maybe so – who would dull your eye in death.
6537	Still, the response surprised him.
6538	Stirling's lack of discipline at the ruck awarded Ayr with a penalty, Lyle stepped up to put them up two.
6539	Stir well, cover and leave to stand for about 5 minutes.
6540	St James church, Little Paxton where Ely events company QAV joined with two others to create a stunning banner to hide repair work so that it would look its best for a wedding.
6541	St. Mary’s teacher Anick Champagne-Hickey, who helped launch the graphic novel project, says that many of her students chose Metatawabin’s story as the basis for their graphic novels.
6542	Stop thinking and visit our website at once.
6543	Stories have come down to us and they abound with praise for the teacher.
6544	Straight path, of smuggling expansion.
6545	Strauss-Kahn, who was seen as a Socialist contender for the French presidency, was forced to resign as head of the International Monetary Fund last May after he was charged with sexually assaulting a New York hotel maid.
6546	Stressed dads can take a break in the hands of the Cigar Club, who will be providing the opportunity to browse and purchase some of the finest cigars from all over the world.
6547	Strong goalkeeping once again Davison, who comes out to claim.
6548	Structure fire on Hwy. 7 near Oroville.
6549	Struggling for cash on the backbench?
6550	Stuck explained that during his sophomore year he thought he had cancer, and this led him to give up on things.
6551	Students are encouraged to think critically and creatively, debate, display social graces, show cognitive or emotional empathy, manage time and work as a team.
6552	Students at Villanova University flooded the streets around campus to celebrate the Wildcats' second NCAA men's basketball championship in three years, and police reported two arrests following the partying.
6553	Students brought along empty plastic bottles to promote recycling and as a goodwill gesture.
6554	Students from St. Peter of Alcantara School, Port Washington, read their own creative writing at Barnes & Noble.
6555	"Students here are going to be benefiting because they got that knowledge of the governmental process.
6556	Students making the Dean’s List have a grade-point average of 3.4 to 3.79 in a 4.0 scale.
6557	"Students might be classicists or scientists, and they can bring that into the creative process or into the classroom in a way that we can learn from each other.
6558	Students must attend school consistently.
6559	Students walking to class near the campus' University Hall building.
6560	Students will find that a program such as the MSc Economics are encouraged to develop a deep understanding of particular countries and issues, based on a concrete analysis of history, institutions, and political economy.
6561	Studies have linked an increased number of social relationships to longer life spans and a reduced risk for mental and physical declines during the later years in life.
6562	Studies show that the smell of olive oil give people a high level of seratonin—which is a hormone that helps people feel full and happy.
6563	Submitted by Fillmore Historical Museum.
6564	Subscribe to The Financial Gazette to read: "CFI Holdings spills the beans"
6565	Subscribe to The Financial Gazette to read: "NBA Finals: Golden State Warriors beat Cleveland Cavaliers in overtime in game one"
6566	Subscribe to updates Are Premies Vulnerable to Socioeconomic Issues In Addition to Health Issues?
6567	Subtropical Storm Alberto is heading for the northern Gulf Coast as hurricane season approaches.
6568	Such an exhibit is preferable to having the orcas experience potentially abusive training for a mindless entertainment routine; it is always better to educate yourself about an endangered species than to regard them as a cheap form of entertainment.
6569	Such a treat to watch the old puffing billys.
6570	Such disillusioned youngsters would choose football if conditions were better.
6571	Such polarising and alienation makes society less safe, not more.
6572	Such repair growth would lead to an inverted age sequence where wood initially gets older as you move towards the outside of the tree from the hollow.”
6573	Such sites may not be owned or operated by Nevada Legal News.
6574	Such speculation would be ridiculous.
6575	Such students will also get cash prizes and other incentives.
6576	Such visas are only valid for a short duration.
6577	Suffolk and Essex News - East Anglian Daily TimesArchant Community Media Limited will only use your data for the purpose of the services you are signing up to and the marketing consent you’ve given using the check boxes.
6578	Suicide awareness also holds a personal significance to the sisters of SMAC.
6579	Sujon was appointed technical director (acting head coach) for the tri-series with Zimbabwe and Sri Lanka, and the Test and T20I series against Sri Lanka in absence of Chandika Hathurusingha.
6580	Summary: frogs placed in a pot of tepid water behave the way the homily goes, and sit there until they’re slowly boiled, but you have first removed their brains.
6581	Summer rains caused several delays but they are now back on track to have the project finished by August 21, a week before the school's first football game.
6582	Summer rains wash away the makeshift roads, which are taken not just to avoid being apprehended – though, technically, no laws are being broken moving within Pakistan – but also to save money on bribes.
6583	Summer was shot on the Gulf of Mexico and the Intracoastal Waterway in Destin and Fort Walton Beach, Florida.
6584	Sunday collection plate offerings were stolen Dec. 19 from Christ Lutheran Church located on East 17th Avenue in North St. Paul.
6585	Sunday, we got home at 2 p.m., then we watched rain from a tornado at 4. Oh well, hi-ho, it’s back to work I go.
6586	Sun Valley: Coach Jared Barwick returns an experienced and talented team in Year 2 of his Sun Valley tenure.
6587	Superintendent Harold Olin suggested the proposed change be pulled from the agenda.
6588	Super power and rice farmer.
6589	Super Rugby will run uninterrupted for 21 weeks in 2019 with no international breakNo international window in June, meaning Super Rugby will run uninterrupted for 21 weeks.
6590	Super star William Jebor challenging a Tunisian player…Without test matches, how can we know how well the team can play together as a unit?
6591	Super system ‘could be retired’
6592	Supervisor Don Weaver sparked a lengthy discussion that went far back into the complex history of financing and debt service of the Fork Union Sanitary District (FUSD).
6593	Supporters of the campaign to save the art deco building from destruction say they are delighted with the news.
6594	Supporters of Turkish president Recep Erdogan, who spooked markets when he said high interest rates cause high inflation.
6595	Surber, who only joined the program recently, also remarked that the cadets often report getting negative vibes from other students.
6596	Sure, he may be a stand-out but I can't help feeling insulted on his behalf.
6597	Surely a lot needs to be done to make public representatives genuinely accountable.
6598	Surely he was right.
6599	“Surely, the marginalisation of Mthwakazi people has not been by a president, but by a political organism that controls the levers of power.
6600	Surely, this is sign that these appointments do not undergo scrutiny.
6601	“Surely, why should we be punished for helping the country?
6602	Sure to be a huge hit, we’re looking forward gift-wrapping many copies this holiday season.
6603	Sure, you can speak English with the cashier at the supermarket or restaurant, ask for directions if you do not find a place and so on.
6604	Surgeons at the Assis Chateaubriand Maternity School, Brazil, have performed vaginal reconstruction surgery using fish skin in four women born without a cervix, uterus or ovaries.
6605	Survey ranks Missoula No. 4 in "Best Large Cities to Start a Business"
6606	Survivors include her son, Joseph Benno of Hayward, Wisconsin, daughter, Vickie Phillipps of Grantsburg, Wisconsin, daughter, Lisa Moelter-Emery of Las Vegas, Nevada; son, Christopher of St. Peter; 15 grandchildren; and 19 great-grandchildren.
6607	Susan B. Sorenson, a professor of Social Policy at the University of Pennsylvania, is convinced the Lott data is weak (for example, she said, if you take the outlier Florida out of the mix, the results change remarkably).
6608	Susan was known and admired on so many high levels - governmental as well as in top managerial levels in the oil industry.
6609	Suspected militants from Nigerian Islamist group Boko Haram have kidnapped dozens of people in raids in neighbouring Cameroon, officials say.
6610	Suspended sentence of imprisonment of four weeks, suspended for 12 months implemented.
6611	“Sustainability should not be an extra – it should be a better way of doing what you were already doing anyway.”
6612	SUZUKI Philippines (SPH), the country’s pioneer compact car distributor, finishes the first quarter of the year with flying colors, posting the highest year-to-date (YTD) vehicle sales increase in the entire local automotive industry.
6613	Swimming – The women's 400m individual medley final with Scotland's Hannah Miley among the favourites as she chases a hat-trick of Commonwealth titles in this event.
6614	Sydney is one of those places that quite simply has the X factor.
6615	Sydney Truth Action of Australia will host an International Conference "Truth Now Sydney Conference" to critically examine the events of 9/11 and Australia's Participation in the War on Terror.
6616	Syed Vicaruddin expressed his gratitude to the delegation and assured the Palestinian guest of continued solidarity and support with Palestine in the future.
6617	SYRACUSE, N.Y. — A record crowd of about 460 attended the eighth annual Nonprofit Awards on Thursday at the Oncenter in Syracuse, celebrating 28 honorees in Central New York’s nonprofit community.
6618	“Syria really could be a signpost for the emergence of a new international system.”
6619	Syria wasted no time in submitting its declaration and, in a speech to the OPCW's executive committee, assistant foreign minister Husamuddin Alla that it had done so four days ahead of the legal deadline.
6620	System 3 won the Under -11, the Under -15 Division, and the Women’s Division in the 2017 National Club Championship, while the Under-19 and Premier Division titles were won by Avenues United FC.
6621	Taco Tuesday will never be the same.
6622	Taipei, Feb. 23 (CNA) Taiwan's women's table tennis team cruised past their Australian opponents in three straight matches to advance to the quarterfinals of the 2018 Team World Cup in London on Friday.
6623	'Taking equipment at such a height, repairing and maintaining it is a major task since equipment face a lot of breakdowns,' he said.
6624	Taking her submission further, Womanhood set out to find out why many get married.
6625	Taking this to heart, 30 people from UCSF participated in a UCSF advocacy day at the Capitol in Washington, DC, organized by Natalie Alpert from the UCSF Office of Government Relations.
6626	Talking about the recent times, the last two years have witnessed more cross-border fire between the Pakistani military and Iranian forces than the entire 68 years of bilateral relations.
6627	Tallinn - Belarusian and Russian opposition leaders are to launch a Russian-language television channel based in Estonia to combat Kremlin propa.
6628	TALLINN - Taavi Aas, the mayoral candidate of the Center Party, received the most votes among the mayoral candidates of larger parties in Tallin.
6629	TAMARA: (Through interpreter) I'm so excited I have a child.
6630	Tanks were seen carried West towards the frontier on trucks which later returned empty.
6631	Tashman said millions have been refunded to individuals who, for some reason, did not like the concept.
6632	“Tastes like justice,” he says.
6633	Tata Consultancy Services Ltd.
6634	Tate hit the first of a one-and-one with 13 seconds left, missed the second shot but Housden pressured a Bearcat into fumbling the rebound out of bounds, with Lake retaining possession.
6635	Taxes and interest due thru January 31st, 2011 $219,233.50.
6636	Taylor’s conversion left Bann needing a try in the 10 minutes that remained.
6637	Taynuilt were unable to muster a team for the journey north so the Fort were given free passage into the last sixteen of the competition.
6638	Team primary owner Dean MacDonald said he and Stanford settled on Growlers as the nickname sometime in February, but still struggled with coming up with a logo to accompany the moniker.
6639	Teams approached the acquisition of scabs in different ways, and the coaches, who had a little more than a week to prepare a ragtag group of guys who largely weren’t capable professionals, were caught in the middle.
6640	Teams are required to dress up as something beginning with the first letter of there team’s name.
6641	Teams will play others of their age group.
6642	Technology advanced, competition grew, and solar panel prices began to tumble.
6643	Teenagers with developmental disabilities experience the same desires, urges and needs as their typical peers.
6644	Teen remains hospitalized after Beetham Gardens shooting…
6645	Teevin & Fischer Quarry sold to Knife River Corp.
6646	Teixeira cannot see the similarities is because she doesn’t want to…If she admits, it will put Nandlall in a bad light.
6647	Tell-Adjar is within a so-called "de-escalation zone" established in September.
6648	Temperatures will remain from 90 to 100 degrees for the next week with no relief in sight.
6649	Temple of St. Apostle Simon the Kananit was built on the site of burial of the Apostle who accepted a martyr's death in Abkhazia where he came with the preaching of the Word of God.
6650	Ten companies will exhibit products under the aegis of Cyprus’ Ministry of Energy, Commerce, Industry and Tourism.
6651	Ten killed, 9 students and 1 teacher; at least 10 others were injured.
6652	Tennessee Representative Gary Odom, of Nashville, responded to the Georgia resolution much like he did five years ago.
6653	Tennessee Williams must be rolling over in his grape.
6654	Tent encampments are unhealthy and unsafe for the individuals residing in them and for our residents and businesses.
6655	Tents fill the Tancredo Neves Gymnasium that is operating as a shelter for Venezuelans in Boa Vista, Roraima state, Brazil on March 8, 2018.
6656	Ten workers are employed at the site.
6657	Termed luxurious and extravagant, this unique whisky is said to blend perfectly with the extraordinary occasions.
6658	Terminating the ministry wouldn't be a problem; the government can transfer the religious councils to the local authorities, as stipulated by law.
6659	Terp did his best to get everyone out of the house.
6660	Terrah said she and Reno allow her children help with the dinners, so they can learn how to serve others.
6661	Terrie Light, Northern California Director of the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests, said it was important to hear the bishop name Monsignor Francis and to acknowledge her by name.
6662	Terry and Lance Thomas grew up in northern California and moved to Big Sky in 1979 and 1986, respectively.
6663	Tesco’s £5bn blackhole: are staff pensions in danger?
6664	Texas Gov. Greg Abbott toured A.C. Blunt Middle School, a campus in the Aransas Pass Independent School District which has not yet opened after Hurricane Harvey.
6665	Texas will become one of the last states to adopt some kind of texting while driving ban when the law takes effect Sept. 1. Texting would be punishable by a fine of up to $99 for first-time offenders and $200 for repeat offenses.
6666	T-Frend, a drone-based monitoring service, is an ambitious work by Taisei, a Nagoya-based construction company, NTT East, a subsidiary of telecom company NTT, and Tokyo-based drone startup Blue Innovation.
6667	Thaawarchand Gehlot, Union Minister for Social Justice and Empowerment, chaired the third meeting of National Council of Senior Citizens(NCSrC) convened by the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment recently.
6668	Thailand’s Department of Skill Development will hold training courses for migrant workers from neighboring countries to upgrade their skills.
6669	Thai police fired tear gas at royalist protesters bent on bringing down the government after a court threw the Prime Minister out of office.
6670	Thanks also to Danny Maikranz and the many churches who prayed for Alan and his family.
6671	Thanks for sharing!
6672	Thanks in large part to these kinds of financial instruments, borrowed under conditions that many experts argue were illegal under the Puerto Rican Constitution, the island’s debt exploded.
6673	“Thanks to the incredible support of partners like sonnen, we are able to go beyond our primary goal of housing area families, but also restore a sense of community and culture,” she said.
6674	Thank you for submitting your entry for: Win 2 Tickets to see Gary P. Nunn at Heights Theater on 6/30!
6675	Thank you for taking the burden to write such an important piece. i am not sure if can express my admiration better than other have done already, so i will stop here.
6676	Thank you for this comment!
6677	Thank you France for such a wonderful holiday, thank you Patrice for such a wonderful experience, and thank you fellow travellers for such a wonderful time!
6678	Thank you, Marla and H&R Block, for serving our community!
6679	Thank you Mr Kapesa and your staff, and Zim Parks.
6680	That, and not getting too uptight on the field.
6681	That appealed to Coach Weise.
6682	That assumes, of course — an not everyone does — that the city has real fiscal woes.
6683	That being said, criminalization does not actually address these issues.
6684	That case did not hold, the justice said, that arbitrability is in all instances to be determined by a trial court rather than an arbitrator.
6685	That could include the number of years the bill would take to phase out the extra money Obama provided to expand the federal-state Medicaid program for the poor and disabled to millions of additional low earners.
6686	That day Wagner's side tried to go toe-to-toe with their more illustrious rivals – and soon found themselves 3-0 down with less than 30 minutes on the clock.
6687	That entailed interviews, and case file review, email review — so quite rigorous.
6688	That goal could be attained by helping the students to develop their critical thinking and facilitating them to bring out their creativity through social events at universities.
6689	That group now generates more than $57 million of profit per working hour.
6690	“That has given me the courage and peace to be able to do this.
6691	That has raised concerns about Islamic State launching attacks from Libya and exploiting the border to enter Tunisia, which has already experienced several deadly gun and bomb attacks targeting tourists and government officials.
6692	That helps explain the glowing endorsement from British novelist Zadie Smith on ’s back cover: “The best book—in any medium—I have read about our current moment.”
6693	That helps with our reputation to get spread across Western Canada,” Nielson said.
6694	That in itself is almost too long for this review.
6695	“That is 18 football fields to get stopped out there,” Edeker said.
6696	That is about 250 more guns than officers took off the streets during the same period last year.
6697	That is a good idea, I am very happy to read this article, and I agree with the issues of this post.
6698	“That is a guiding vision for us,” Mandel said.
6699	That is an aspect never mentioned in any of the school sites.
6700	That is an insult that you have literally committed over one thousand times.
6701	That is a person’s DNA profile.
6702	That is a testament to our quality of work,” Vikram Dhadha, COO, remarks.
6703	That is how we have learnt to believe in only what we see regarding matters of governance under Obasanjo.
6704	That is just the charm of this podcast — even though the hosts may not be your favorite people, the information and the topics they are discussing are things that need to be discussed but never are.
6705	That is, of course, unless they know Sheffield.
6706	That is our job as citizens of the world and all of us are going to find our ways to do that.”
6707	That is the only thing I am interested in; nothing else,” he said.
6708	That is, we do not have a for-profit medical system, rather we have a system of maximum profit.
6709	That is what is important.
6710	That is where the real story begins.
6711	That is why engineers were on the ground to ensure that Kainuk bridge and sections of the road from Lokichar to Eldoret are usable.
6712	That is why people don’t print something that can’t change.
6713	That 'I' was an existence which surpassed completely the 'You', which used to be enjoying a stable relationship with the 'I'.
6714	That makes him a hero.
6715	That makes sense, said Berman, because of the way that women view their sexual relationships.
6716	That may have affected the turnout.
6717	That may have been more of a testament to the Salem defense than an indictment of any Northside weaknesses.
6718	That means, on any given week, the Northwest Indiana Catholic reaches over 21,000 Catholics.
6719	That means that getting the candy and sweets out of sight and in an inconvenient place could help you consume less.
6720	“That means you typically don’t move a bill,” said Goodman.
6721	That message was echoed in Bishop Solis’ homily at the Easter Vigil.
6722	That might seem quaint to big-city salvage yards with rows and rows of Chevy transmissions, shelves full of GM radios and boxes of Ford alternators.
6723	That motivated her to avail her house in Opuwo to expecting mothers who travelled from far to camp at her house well in advance while waiting to give birth, explained Matundu.
6724	That number is down 2,465 over the last month but up 8,359 over the last year.
6725	That perception has been fed by cases like the January 2015 arrest of 11 judicial police officers who were holding a local merchant for ransom in their police station.
6726	That poem is called Wannabee.
6727	That preceded prime-time speeches headlined by Melania Trump, who is accused of plagiarizing lines from Michelle Obama's 2008 speech at the Democratic National Convention.
6728	That program suggests expensive interchanges.
6729	“That project is not yet funded and isn’t even thought about right now,” Busscher said.
6730	That review is now complete.
6731	That Russia should be invited back in. That drew a sharp response from senator Bob Menendez.
6732	"That's a little enough price to pay.
6733	That’s a long sentence, so let’s break it down.
6734	That same year, he began Kona Coffee Purveyors.
6735	That’s a sentiment that is seldom shared because you can’t score partisan points saying things like, “There is more than one way to do something.”
6736	That’s a total value of more than $227 million USD; avocados have become so important to the Mexican economy that they are being called "green gold"
6737	That section of 152 Street is closed in both directions, according to DriveBC.
6738	That seemed to be a theme of Day 3. No. 5 Dominic Thiem rallied to beat 190th-ranked American qual.
6739	That seven percent mismatch — which scientists are now calling “space genes” — represents changes in RNA and DNA that are likely the result of oxygen deprivation, radiation, and calorie restriction, among other factors.
6740	"That's exactly what happened," Lundeen says.
6741	That’s how Elmy Kader, the animated owner of the Royal Egyptian Cuisine food truck, greets his first customer of the day.
6742	That’s how much you’ll need to save each week.
6743	That shows people are no longer looking the other way when these incidents occur, according to a University Police official.
6744	"That's how the idea came to me, to journey with the head."
6745	That’s not true, of course, because of all the downstream effects on air quality and climate change.
6746	That's older than President-elect Donald Trump, who at 70 will be the oldest person to assume the office.
6747	"That sometimes even puts a film that opens with around $100 million under scrutiny."
6748	“That’s one of the reasons they felt comfortable.
6749	That's only a little bit more than the year before that, but a significant amount more than 2014.
6750	That’s right: I fell in love with a married man.
6751	That's right, Spanish is arguably the most romantic language.
6752	That’s something we definitely have to improve on.
6753	"That's the part we're heavily involved in, and it's actually been occurring quite frequently," Seay said.
6754	That’s the question that can’t be answered by those expressing the opposite position,” she added.
6755	That’s the role of the commission, an independent panel expected to operate free of political encumbrances.
6756	That’s the thrust of a new phase of the state’s KNOW METH public awareness campaign that state Attorney General Brad Schimel announced Tuesday at Carson Park football stadium.
6757	That's the word from County Commissioners as they voted to deny two voucher requests.
6758	“That student is Ethan Gray, from McKaylee Pittman’s second-grade class, who sold 34 items.”
6759	That’s ultimately what you hear now.
6760	That’s unlikely, given that every good team continually gets better as a season goes on.
6761	That’s what all of us that live and work here do.
6762	That's what we like, that's what we like.
6763	That’s what Wurk and Faces Human Capital Management are for.
6764	That’s why careful planning and public input are so important to the process, he said: “Measure twice, cut once.”
6765	That’s why I love Brazil.
6766	That’s why I’m going to make big money with my worldwide chain of tea and crumpet shops.
6767	That’s why it is really important that as many people as possible take part.
6768	"That’s why I want to do something to pay them back for helping me and so many other patients.
6769	That's why Thatcham will start judging automakers on whether their system names are likely to confuse drivers.
6770	That’s why Town’s right wing-back shook his head on the long walk back to the dressing room.
6771	That the Secondary School did not get any support from Minister of Education or any other GOB officials to get the proposed Government owned property for the much needed extension of the school.
6772	That these talks materialized less than a month after the first meeting of the NDFP emissary and the incoming President unmistakably indicates a never-before-seen reservoir of mutual trust, goodwill and understanding.
6773	“That was a freebie,” Delacruz said.
6774	“That was a good event.
6775	That was a pleasant surprise.”
6776	That was a racist, segregated-by-law public school,” Zeller said.
6777	“That was great, the room was amazing,” he enthuses.
6778	"That was my first encounter with Migaloo and it's a pretty special one."
6779	That was not meant to be.
6780	That was the core of the strategy for the people and the strategy on building, developing and defending socialism to create the revolution, the Party and well-equipped fighters.
6781	That was underscored at last month’s meeting that took place after a Dougherty Valley 14-year-old student had taken his own life.
6782	That way, minor irritations won't get under your skin or push you to say something you'll regret later.
6783	“That we found the stress-mortality link in men but not in women is consistent with the fact that atherosclerosis is more common in working-aged men than women,” said Mika Kivimaki, a professor of social epidemiology at UCL.
6784	That will be followed by Shonda Wood singing.
6785	"That will be valuable to anyone planning an event because you can check to see if other events are already scheduled on that day," Malmborg says.
6786	That will mean more pressure than usual for one man in particular, the Foxies having turned to Jason Milligan in mid-season to take over the captaincy from Iftikhar Hussain.
6787	That worked: "So long as men can breathe, or eyes can see, so long lives this, and this gives life to thee."
6788	That works out to roughly 16,000 posts per hour, or about as many stories as the AP sends out in an entire day.
6789	That would benefit K12, which manages online charter schools funded almost entirely with taxpayer money.
6790	"That would be the logical thing to do," says Kiefl.
6791	That would seem to suggest that the burial could have been nearly a century earlier than when the church was built, possibly early in the 12th century.
6792	That year, the government decided to decentralize it and created a new entity, the Grenada Postal Corporation, owned by the government and administered by a Board of Directors who report to the Ministry.
6793	The $100 billion tariffs plan and the news on the emergency law are designed to increase pressure on China, trying to shake China's will to fight back and force China to accept US terms.
6794	The 10th day of the Haitian Professional Football Championship (CHFP) was the first edition of the 2018 season with only 6 goals scored for 8 games played.
6795	The 11-13 division takes the field at 7:15 p.m. and the 14-17 division at 8 p.m. There will be no evaluations for the 3-5 and 6-7 divisions, as these age groups participate in skills clinics and pickup games.
6796	The 1-2-BBQ is made entirely of recycled and recyclable materials and uses hardwood lump charcoal, which produces less ash and is all-natural as opposed to charcoal briquettes, which often contain chemical additives.
6797	The 186-page folding manuscript has six chapters accompanying colourful drawings.
6798	The 18-year-old said in an interview Friday that he's rested and readjusting to life away from the grind of a twice-weekly nationally televised singing competition show.
6799	The 192 is a list of the 192 players who should be drafted (and thus rostered) in a 12-team, 16-round, PPR league with relatively standard scoring and lineup settings.
6800	The 1991 Gulf War was mainly a Western campaign to destroy the military machine that Iraq had bought and built during the preceding fifteen years.
6801	The 2006 strategic plan was then renewed from 2008-10 while the University was planning for Duke Forward.
6802	The 200th District is relatively small, containing the 9th, the 22nd and the 50th wards.
6803	The 2010 exports within the preferential treatment framework increased from USD 2.6 billion in 2009 to USD 3.3 billion in 2010, a rise of 27%.
6804	The 2013 Gold Cup Games are quickly approaching.
6805	The 2014 index shows global economic freedom continues to rise, reaching a record average score of 60.3.
6806	The 2017-18 sliding season is officially underway at the Mt. Van Hoevenberg combined bobsled, luge and skeleton track in Lake Placid.
6807	The 2018 Mudgee Wine & Food Festival will be held from September 4-23, with a range of dinners, lunches and tastings set to further establish the region as one of the preeminent food-and-wine destinations of NSW.
6808	The 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Olympics drew to a full stop following 18 days of action with a festive closing ceremony on Sunday.
6809	The 2018 track team is off to a fast start this year (pun intended).
6810	The 20-year-old, a former Crescent College Comprehensive student, founded Pinpoint Innovations, which has developed a solution for providing better conditions for patients at University Hospital Limerick during operations.
6811	The 211 seats in Economy Class provide for a relaxing flight and offer an inflight entertainment system that also features HD touchscreens.
6812	The 22-year-old Possler had two goals and four points in 21 games for Swedish League's Djurgardens IF in a season cut short by an ankle injury.
6813	The 25 participants of Ireland's only Football and Fitness Course for Transition Year students graduated at the Fingal County Council Civic Offices in Blanchardstown where they received certificates in front of an audience of parents and teachers.
6814	The 26-foot tall, 17-ton stainless steel and aluminum statue of the blonde bombshell attracted thousands of people who stopped by to take pictures standing next to her massive legs.
6815	The 27.6-acre island on St. Helena was listed this month.
6816	The 29th Durban SPAR Women’s 10/5km will be on Sunday, 24 June.
6817	The 2nd Asia-Pacific security dialogue between the defense departments of China and the United States kicked off in Beijing on Dec. 13.
6818	The 30 sophomores, juniors and seniors from all three Bartow County high schools also launched a social media campaign for the department, which is how they initially got involved with the national event.“
6819	The 33 year old Southern Steel captain is currently in her 17th domestic season, and was this week named senior sportsperson of the year at the Southland Sports Awards.
6820	The 35 year old conservative candidate is running hard with conservative religious folk's support.
6821	The 39 men were kidnapped by Islamic State in Mosul nearly 3 years ago.
6822	The 49-year-old Cartersville resident, also with the county for 11 years, said a “balanced life” is what allows him to not miss work.
6823	The 54th San Francisco International Film Festival: April 21 through May 5. Founded in 1957, the San Francisco International Film Festival is the longest-running film festival in the Americas.
6824	The 59-strong chain will put forward a restructuring plan known as a company voluntary arrangement (CVA), which will require the approval of landlords and bondholders.
6825	The 6 p.m. event will also feature live music from Andy Russell, and a preview of some of the new developments downtown and in the program.
6826	The 7th District was created after the 2000 Census.
6827	The 7th Plenary Meeting of the Central Committee decided to postpone the celebration of the 6th Party Congress originally scheduled for the end of this year.
6828	The above-listed facts constitute a documented history of serious violations of basic freedom of expression by the current Patriotic Front government which deserves serious examination by U.N. authorities.
6829	The abstract showed that AB-SA01 was well tolerated in patients, with no treatment-related adverse outcomes, while bacterial elimination was demonstrated in three out of four patients.
6830	The academy, which awards the coveted prize, ended prolonged speculation as to whether the 75-year-old troubadour would use a concert stopover in Stockholm to accept the gold medal and diploma awarded to him back in October.
6831	The accusation appeared on the website of the Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project, known here as RICE.
6832	The accusation leading to Gaston's firing at Plymouth did not lead to any charges against him.
6833	The acoustics, according to the expert and the audience were excellent in the carefully designed venue.
6834	The action satisfies, even if the lines veer past campy into full-on cheese territory and the story is hazier than the smoke from a broken tailpipe.
6835	The activists were making “molotov cocktails” to use in their protests, or so reported the sycophantic local press in Chicago.
6836	The A.C.T.O.R. (A Continuing Talk on Race) series is a monthly open discussion produced and hosted by Busboys and Poets.
6837	The actor finds a huge contrast between the Pakistani and Indian television industries.
6838	The administration also did not have any regulatory order on the procession and rather they permitted the rally.
6839	The advance polling station in Lloydminster is St. John’s Anglican Church.
6840	The advice I always give all my juniors, is the same.
6841	'The AfD have taken the place of Merkel’s CDU on the right of German politics'
6842	The affluence vanished as quickly as it came for the tribe, which had only one person living on the reservation in the early 1970s.
6843	The Affordable Care Act largely eliminated their advantage because it required the plans to meet the same comprehensive regulations as the small business insurance market.
6844	The African Growth and Opportunities Act (AGOA), first signed into law in 2000, provides a framework for this commerce and offers certain trade preferences for African countries.
6845	The African Union strongly condemns any use of chemical and other weapons prohibited under international law.
6846	The Aggies took over at its own 20 yard line.
6847	The agreement included a package of understandings related to security, citizens' status, border and economic issues.
6848	The aim of the programme is to improve new born outcomes at Princess Margaret Hospital.
6849	The air conditioning kicking on.
6850	The Air Force denies that there was anything improper in the way Fuller was interrogated or treated.
6851	The Air Force Global Strike Command has issued a command-wide weapons inventory, in the wake of a pair of mishaps involving weapons from Minot Air Force Base this month.
6852	The air temperature does not have to be below freezing for someone to experience cold emergencies such as hypothermia and frostbite.
6853	The Al Ain Sightseeing trip is one of UAE’s best tour activities and surely a journey you’ll never forget.
6854	The Alan King-trained Tillythetank took the opening Horse and Groom Heavitree Mares’ Maiden Hurdle under Wayne Hutchinson, to deny Donald McCain’s long odds on favourite Secret Escape a win, having taken up the lead after the second last.
6855	The Aliko Dangote Foundation on Tuesday, in an unprecedented show of philanthropy, donated 150 fully kitted operational cars worth several hundreds of Naira to the Nigeria Police Force.
6856	The A-list actors have the looks, the talent, a huge fan following and a delightful relationship.
6857	The ambience, tone, welcome and service on board is world’s away from the typical hub airports or commercial jet.
6858	The Ambulance Company thanked the Scouts of Troop 270 and the Venturing Crew for installing the stone work on the exterior of the building and for planting over a hundred trees on the property.
6859	The American Red Cross will host a blood drive from 1-6 p.m. Thursday, Jan.
6860	The Americans Sean Rayhall and John Falb have a 19-point advantage over their rivals after scoring four podiums, including two wins at Silverstone and Le Castellet.
6861	The Amherst Chamber Ensemble will hold “An Intimate Afternoon” of music at 3 p.m. Sunday, Sept.
6862	The amount spent on their wedding is quite impressive - $4 million.
6863	The Andos’ daughter, Chiaki, spends afternoons capably mimicking her father’s movements—wielding the traditional, single-edged with admirable skill.
6864	The Ankara-Baku alliance presumes that the Turkish military can be deployed to Azerbaijan in a crisis.
6865	The annual barbecue features grilled sausage and steak sandwiches and is held annually.
6866	The annual Batesville Canoe Race is set for Saturday and includes canoes, kayaks and paddle boards.
6867	The annual corn harvest is upon us.
6868	The App also includes information regarding Hay Festival Medellín and Hay Festival Riohacha.
6869	The application for four homes had been recommended for approval by Norwich City Council officers.
6870	The apprentices will continue to be paid by Carillion until the end of January, after which time CITB has offered to help them either complete their training or find a new employer.
6871	The approval of the firm's tender comes after the end of a mandatory 10 day ‘standstill period’ and a procurement exercise by the Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA).
6872	The Arab Peace Initiative is a proposal originating with the Saudi government for resolving the conflict between Israel, the Palestinians and the broader Arab world.
6873	The archipelago is enormous and varied: the central archipelago is most easily accessible from Stockholm, while the southern and more sparse northern parts are quieter with incredible expansive views.
6874	The area remained for a short period under the control of the PA (Palestinian Authority) and, after a bloody military coup in June 2007, the territory fell to Hamas control.
6875	The Ark-La-Tex Junior Golf Tour is an organization based on Christian principals with emphasis on honesty, integrity and ethics.
6876	The armed school resource deputy at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School waited outside the school building as the shooting unfolded last week, officials said earlier this week.
6877	The Army will also allow movement of humanitarian goods, as well as rice, fuels and other necessities to locations that may be needed; and the commander insight might use his discretion on those issues he considers emergency to save life.
6878	The article was the result of a summit held last year in South Africa by Steven Chown of in Melbourne, Australia.
6879	The arts council held its annual Art in Action Camp from Feb. 20 to 22, with local youths enjoying art activities and swimming each day.
6880	The Asian population doubled to 23 percent in 10 years, while there is a 10 percent Hispanic population.
6881	The assailants later exited the premises with an undisclosed sum of money.
6882	The assumed exercise of stock-based compensation awards for the twelve months ended December 31, 2011 was not considered because the impact would be anti-dilutive.
6883	The AST notified the 11th Rescue Coordination Center at 9:15 a.m. that they were unable to respond due to the rugged terrain and necessary equipment requirements.
6884	The athletics director is willing to bend to public opinion rather than trust his own decision-making.
6885	Theatre Tech students spent numerous days setting up the lighting, main stage and PA system while the bands spent many hours practicing their pieces.
6886	The attempt to derail the discussion from the issue of the law's flaws ought to fail.
6887	The attorney general’s office said it was prompted to investigate after the local news report about similar practices at Motel 6 locations in Arizona in September.
6888	The audience was attentive and quiet.
6889	The aunty said, ‘I cry because your music touched me.
6890	The Australian Transport Safety Bureau is also investigating the incident.
6891	The authorities Gulnara Karimova’s assets, which are frozen in European banks.
6892	The author provides a pen-portrait of Dr Manmohan Singh as finance minister in the P.V. Narasimha Rao government and later as Prime Minister.
6893	The automotive website visitors have the option of searching for car dealerships based on different criteria like car makes, location (province, city or postal code) and radius.
6894	“The average kid that is in care or systemically involved with caretakers outside of family could have, on average, upwards of 25 interveners or counselors by the age of 21. And so what if you could be the last one?
6895	The Average price of gas in Wyoming is on the rise again, going up by more than seven-cents a gallon in the last week.
6896	The awards previously took the form of a luncheon presentation, but this year, it transitioned to a glitzy evening soirÈe with culinary creations from Barbadian celebrity chef Jason Howard, who flew in to cater the event.
6897	The baby – yet to be named at the time of going to press – weighed 8lb 7oz and is the first prince to be third born since the Succession to the Throne Act, 2013.
6898	The bad news is that your cell phone is.
6899	The Bahinting family members were among the 15 people who were killed in flooding in southern Cebu brought by Tropical Depression “Seniang.”
6900	"The Bainimarama government can be given credit for articulating the creation of inclusive economic and political institutions and that is an important transformation that could be achieved through our new constitution."
6901	The ball now is in Hizbullah's court.
6902	The band just released its third album, which took nine months to make and is — despite the title — its heaviest release so far.
6903	The Bangladesh authorities and BGMEA should take over the role of these two organizations.
6904	The basement was one of three floors created by Acker for the house, where Langille's grandfather, also named Bernie Langille, was allegedly murdered (photo credit: Shelley Acker).
6905	The basic reason that this reform can be proposed is because absolute authority has been established by the CPC Central Committee with Xi Jinping at the core.
6906	The basis of its establishment was the Scheme for the Organizational Reform of the State Council as approved by the First Session of the Eleventh National People’s Congress and the Notice of Organizational Setup as issued by the State Council.
6907	The basketball team of Thompson Transport of McPherson won first place in the Marion City Basketball tournament held here last week.
6908	The Bass Pro, Frisco Railroad Run and Little Rock marathons are all nearby.
6909	The BDA has done nothing to control it.
6910	The Bears will likely hang with the Huskies at the beginning of the game, but when it goes down the stretch, Washington will likely break away in a manner that the Bears cannot keep up with.
6911	“The Beatles: A Hard Day’s Night to Rubber Soul” will explore the influence of classical and world music on the unique compositional styles of talented singer-songwriters John Lennon, Paul McCartney and George Harrison.
6912	The beautiful and mysterious Lady Murasaki (Gong Li) welcomes him to Chateau Vigo.
6913	The beautiful seaside community of Pirriwee Beach seems idyllic, on the surface.
6914	The below data is used to calculate if a fair market is being made in the shares of MAXD.
6915	The benefits of VoIP services are obvious and undeniable, and Omani society continues to miss out on the opportunity to realise the full potential of the Internet as long as VoIP remains blocked.
6916	“The Bennett Prize establishes an ongoing mechanism for recognizing and elevating the work of women painters.”
6917	The Berea striker, Pfariso Mukoma, could not live up the fans’ expectation as the defenders of United were all over him for the whole match.
6918	The Bermuda-based bank’s “bespoke basis” means advice differs slightly among clients, but the sense of collective effort ensures that “thematically, strategically and tactically, we are all ‘rowing in the same direction.
6919	The best score for the male competitors was 40 points by Jeff Hazell to take the B grade money as well as the overall prize.
6920	‘The Best Sport Family’ was held in Armenia for the first time in 2004 under the president’s patronage.
6921	The betting was she couldn't make it to Ponca.
6922	The BH hospital general manager has resigned from her role.
6923	The biggest highlight of the iOS 10.3 beta is the 'Find AirPods support added to Find My iPhone' feature and 'Siri gets cricket score for Indian Premier League and International Cricket Council.'
6924	THE big occasion might have hampered their performance somewhat but Hunter Valley Group 21 coach Phoebe Desmond could not fault her team’s fighting spirit at Muswellbrook on Saturday.
6925	The big-time FNM, who we will not name at this time, collected supplies, which were shipped by NEMA for distribution to poor struggling pensioners on the island.
6926	The bill has proposed that every Zambian above the age of 25 years and below the age of 70 years will have to pay some money in order for them to be on the scheme and be able to acquire medical services from would-be accredited health centres.
6927	“The bills could be another scandal that is yet to be exposed.
6928	The bill's passage was a defeat for progressive Democrats, who strongly opposed easing regulations for some banks, warning that doing so would likely trigger another financial crisis.
6929	The bill would have had state laws meet the federal law of banning domestic abusers from purchasing or owning guns for two years after being convicted of misdemeanor domestic abuse.
6930	The bin is there for the use of both rural municipalities’ ratepayers and residents.
6931	The Bini’s were renamed Edo people from the time of Oba Ewuare the Great.
6932	The bitterness even seeped into the poetry.
6933	The bittersweet departure will mean throwing themselves into yet another process of transitioning.
6934	The bitter veteran, played by Christian Bale, is tasked with escorting an old Cheyenne chief, played by Wes Studi, back to his home valley to die.
6935	The blaze was reported at about 3:23 p.m. at the single-family home along the rural road near the town line with Cheshire.
6936	The bloodiness in juxtaposition with the bloodless high-end luxury is jarring — but not in a good way.
6937	The blow had been struck with a sword-cane—nobody denied that—and nobody will deny that a sword-cane is a deadly weapon.
6938	The Blue Hose blitzed the Buccaneers of Charleston Southern for 51 first half points en route to the 81-58 win at The Buc Dome on Saturday afternoon.
6939	The blue line here is what I drew to explain to you.
6940	The Blues suffered a surprise 3-0 loss at Newcastle last weekend, but Bridge will not be dismissing them, no matter the issues behind the scenes.
6941	The board eventually adopted a $3.8 million budget, which meant the village could only provide the “bare minimum” when it came to services, Spery said.
6942	“The board,” he continues, “fully supports our school’s leadership and will vigorously defend our school’s actions.
6943	The board held a hearing on the item in late September.
6944	The board promises to form a committee to study desegregation, but no action ever comes from that committee.
6945	The Board unanimously voted to take the revised budget with the recommendation that it be the first step in a “couple-year build-out” to the Board of Supervisors.
6946	The board, which received the recommendation from its financial advisory committee at a meeting on Feb. 26, did not take a poll, but no member questioned, let alone disputed, the reasoning behind the recommendation or the bottom line.
6947	The boat motor must have been agreeable, starting easily, and we headed out into the water, leaving a pretty trail of watery ripples behind us.
6948	The Bobcats will be fresh off a 48-0 shutout of Ganado, while the Wildcats are coming off a 32-14 victory over Weimar.
6949	The body becomes exhausted, drained and even at a higher risk for illness.
6950	The body of a man was found at the corner of Hospital Road and Craven Street in Brakpan North.
6951	The Boise Weekly editorial staff has its say as to what is the best of Boise.
6952	The bonds will be offered next Monday, November 26, and prospective buyers will have 28 days, up to December 24, to apply to purchase the bonds.
6953	The booby prize for the worst draft day trade, though, goes to Tom Heckert for what he did in 2011.
6954	The book is interesting even to someone like me who makes his living knowing lots of agricultural facts.
6955	The Borough, which encompassed the University and much of today’s downtown Princeton, would later go on to consolidate with the area surrounding it — namely, Princeton Township, on Jan.
6956	The bottled-water industry convinced consumers that tap water was bad and only bottled water was good.
6957	The boys and parents are very fortunate to have a young man who is willing to take the time out of his schedule during his summer break and teach these boys the fundamentals of football and to whip them into shape.
6958	The boys finish the season with a 17-9 overall record and 7-5 in the Shasta Cascade League.
6959	The brand appears this year and it is completed exported abroad.
6960	The Brewery District is slated to have 148 apartments, nearly 17,000 square feet of office space, and nearly 4,500 square feet for a restaurant and a retail bay inside the parking garage.
6961	The bride’s cake was a three-tiered confection wrapped in buttercream frosting.
6962	The bridge was a small wooden structure that stretched out over a shallow canal.
6963	The bridge will link parts of the project together and will give tourists a 360-degree view of Howe Sound.
6964	The briefing section attracted the Chief Inspectors of Education in the State, The Branch Controller WAEC, Zonal Co-coordinator NECO, the State Co-coordinator NABTEB, JAMB, among others.
6965	The British television schedulers know that this is the time of year when we’re all yearning for sunshine, poring over holiday deals and dreaming of blue skies – that’s why this week has been packed with travel programmes.
6966	The Britton-Hecla golf squad had a chance to see where it stood heading into the regional meet next Monday with a pre-region meet at Cattail Crossing Golf Course in Watertown on Monday.
6967	The Broadcasting Corporation of Oyo State, BCOS, Complex, which is the site for the project, occupies 65 acres of land of which only about 20 has been put to use.
6968	The buddy system!
6969	The building includes an upstairs apartment where Hilda Pertha worked and lived and Dorr Bothwell’s studio in the back.
6970	The building, located adjacent to the University’s main inpatient hospital, is currently under renovation, which prompted the proposal to rename the facility.
6971	The Burke team lost a bid to advance to the state title last year, losing a tough match in double overtime in the quarterfinals.
6972	The Bush administration strategy appears to be predicated on several assertions that may not necessarily hold true.
6973	The bus system will be called Hafilati, or 'My Bus'.
6974	The busy and popular builder, Patrick Doud, was in charge of construction.
6975	The café at Pulborough provides excellent fayre and after lunch there were excellent views of chiffchaff and willow warblers.
6976	The calendar shows it will soon be time for onion growers to change up their irrigation routines to stay in synch with what the crop wants.
6977	The Calor app team.
6978	The cameras are set at separate locations along a stretch of road (at a minimum 200m apart) at regular intervals to operate a managed speed control zone.
6979	The campaign will use television commercials, events and other public announcements and feature the Costa Rican, female boxer Hannah Gabriel as a spokesperson.
6980	The camp installed several of these tripods after Huson evicted a TransCanada helicopter crew trespassing on the land from that very spot in 2014.
6981	The Canadian government has built reservations, many of which have no better conditions than Concentration Camps.
6982	The Canary Islands have the highest rate of breast cancer in Spain, according to the latest report.
6983	The canceled plans for the automaker's property include the 70-foot by 80-foot LED wall that was to encase the Detroit People Mover station at the RenCen, which is 5.5 million square feet.
6984	The Capacity Building Department (CBD) is determined to build communications capacity in the Afghan government communications offices and constantly develops and conducts educational activities tied to the needs of the Afghan government.
6985	The Cappelli Block was completed in 1909 by Antonio Cappelli, one of the earliest Italian arrivals on the Hill, when Irish immigrants dominated the avenue.
6986	"The caravan is but two hours away when the friend knight rides up in haste, catches up, and tells Sir Good, 'I think you should know that this key doesn't work.'
6987	The card featured a photo of Alarab on the shore of the Bay; behind him lurked the Golden Gate.
6988	The Caribbean coast is bracing for more rains after a weekend that saw a number of communities flooded and heavy damage done to roads, bridges other infrastructre and crops.
6989	The Carnegie Corp. recently honored Foothill College President Thuy Thi Nguyen as part of its annual Great Immigrants tribute.
6990	The carnival has become a place for budding entrepreneurs and artisans while the resulting revenue generated boosting the economy is seen as a big achievement.
6991	The Carson City Library provides on-site book check-out at the Club weekly, with free access to books.
6992	The car was located at the hotel on June 9 but police don’t believe it remained there the entire time.
6993	The case is one of at least 125 foreclosure suits the WPCA has filed against New Haven property owners since the authority was spun off from city government and became an independent, suburban-dominated utility in mid-2005.
6994	The Catholic Church’s Extraordinary Synod on the Family last year sparked much media interest, especially around topics such as divorce and homosexuality.
6995	The cause of the derailment remains under investigation.
6996	The central government has put forward a series of demands regarding the development of circular economies.
6997	The chairperson of the Progressive DemoNcrats of Sussex County says they want to violate the Second Amendment rights of every citizen by determining what guns an individual can own.
6998	"The challenge is going to be getting people to accept it," he said.
6999	The challenge is that people with an HIV and TB co-infection have significantly lower levels of bacteria because HIV remodels the way the disease occurs in the lung.
7000	The challenge I will give you today is that of time, I see your time for completion is 2019 December but I am sure you will understand my greed if I tell you that the refinery component of this project should come earlier than the set date.
7001	The challenges our country faces right now are complex and can be daunting, and the need for well-informed public discourse has rarely been greater.
7002	The challenge to recruit dental students is even more critical.
7003	The chance of being murdered in an attack committed by an illegal immigrant is even smaller: 1 in 10.9 per year, or about three thousand times less likely than being killed by a terrorist.
7004	The chance of sea attacks also needs to be taken into account, especially when, during the Olympic Games, the Sochi port will harbor cruise ships serving as hotels.
7005	The chance to study the writings of thinkers like Plato, Shakespeare, Galileo and Einstein is what brings nearly all St. John's students to the college.
7006	"The change of name symbolises a new era for the office, with a fresh focus and direction," said Development and Alumni Director Ms Anne Gribbin.
7007	The characters that keep showing up to test your awareness are less important than your ability to catch the lesson before things get out of control.
7008	The charges are particularly shocking given that Yee has been among the state Senate’s most outspoken advocates both of gun control and of good-government initiatives.
7009	The charges were subsequently dropped.
7010	The Chattahoochee Country Club, steeped in Gainesville history, adorned in elegance, and coveted for classy charity galas, is completing a $3 million renovation aimed at turning the oft-overlooked north lake venue into a destination by water and land.
7011	The chicken ($12.99 for plain or smothered, a comforting variation) comes with two sides and bread.
7012	The Chief Agricultural Officer is the chairman of the harvest committee.
7013	The Chief Constable and Chief Fire Officer have been excellent servants to the people of the Isle of Man and I wish them well for the future.
7014	The Chief Minister and Simon Corbell have released their thoughts on the subject.
7015	The chief minister said the government was coordinating a project with MFF so that Yangon Region could become a model in fishery sector.
7016	The chief minister said usually when a new department like KP Food Authority was raised, people’s reaction initially was not very friendly but with the passage of time they realized responsibilities and accept the law.
7017	The chief said he's already seeing a drop in the number of infractions since the installation of the red light cameras.
7018	“The child - a six-week-old baby girl- was taken to a north London hospital where she was pronounced dead at 0900hrs.
7019	The children's art projects this year are centered around the festival's theme of “The Royal Affair at Art on the Square.
7020	The children should bring a basket or container to hold their Easter eggs.
7021	The child’s body has not been identified but it may be Ethan’s, sheriff’s Lt. Glenn Giannantonio said late Tuesday.
7022	The Chugiak Mustangs’ “Sweat Equity” motto was on display throughout the first round of their 42-38 win against West Valley.
7023	The church is also known for its beautiful stained glass windows.
7024	The Church is the extension of the Incarnation through time and space, the vehicle by which Christ continues to touch and address the world.
7025	The church transmits the faith across time “through an unbroken chain of witnesses,” allowing us to “see the face of Jesus,” Pope Francis writes.
7026	The circus, called Hermanos King, told the organization one of its horses was missing Thursday morning, said officials.
7027	The Citizens Advice Bureau can help, and it has a very detailed webpage on NHS complaints (citizens advice.
7028	The Citizens' Voice File The 1982 GAR backfield first row from left, Fred Klein, Dave Dante, and Bernie Kusakavitch.
7029	The City Council awards grants annually based on the recommendations of…
7030	The City Council Finance Committee and the Utility Board are recommending annual increases for the next seven years.
7031	The City Council is scheduled to open the session by receiving a report on the Back to the 50s Celebration and Grand Illumination events.
7032	The city of Miami was at the forefront of every trend in 2014.
7033	The city responded late last month with a one-time $1 million for the city's soup kitchens, but that bail out will not solve the longer term problems of funding at the federal level, advocates said.
7034	The city’s general fund is proposed to increase from $16.26 million to $17.87 million.
7035	The city's geographic position is its most distinctive signature: fertile lands to the east, mountains to the south, beautiful lakes and rivers to the northeast.
7036	The city’s proposed 2018-2022 financial plan shows fees will be $130 between 2019-2022 and $120 in 2023.
7037	The city's vice chairman said the new scheme will be 'fairer and more practical'.
7038	The city would pay three percent interest over 20 years, and must complete the project in two years.
7039	The class had the local firefighters hanging by their ropes in precarious places.
7040	The Clean Air Act of 1970 helped rid smog from the sky, leaving behind pollution that was still causing respiratory problems and damage, but not constantly reminding people of its presence.
7041	The "Clean Plate Award" goes to Yogurtini.
7042	The client had been jigging for rockfish when he caught the wolffish.
7043	The Club will be holding a Registration and Information Night for the 2016-17 Season later this month and Club President Trevor Zacharkiw says it’s truly a sport for everyone.
7044	The coalition's airstrikes hit an apartment building in the center of the capital, a UNESCO world heritage site, killing a family of nine, the officials who remain neutral in the conflict that has divided Yemen's security forces said.
7045	The Cochrane Legion has increased the budget for its community cenotaph project to $170,000 in an effort to make the site more of a community landmark.
7046	The Co-founders Said “We are proud that the products are based on natural ingredients with no carcinogens or other harsh chemical additives that hinder the health of your skin.”
7047	The collection of 20ps continues.
7048	“The combatant commander should apply any force — Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines — in accordance with their capabilities and limitations,” Milley said.
7049	The Commander of US Southcom, General John Kelly concluded a two day visit to Belize today.
7050	The comment was so thoroughly ignored by the South African media that even a Google search will not find it.
7051	The Commerce golf teams both lost to Jefferson last week in their final matches before spring break.
7052	The Commissioners hope to save an estimated $10,000 a year with the consolidation.
7053	The Commission launched a drive on Wednesday to encourage more people to shop online, hoping to double e-commerce and the Internet's contribution to the economy by 2015.
7054	The commission said it continues to facilitate dialogue and offer an accessible, courteous, efficient and meaningful guidance to persons in public life as well as to those exercising public functions.
7055	The commission was created by a 2014 presidential decree to tackle corruption and ensure transparency, one of the first reforms of the national unity government.
7056	The committee concluded its three-day meeting in Sana’a last Monday by approving all documents and measures taken in preparation for the London meeting.
7057	The community and chamber of commerce host an annual contest to select the special cachet and love verse.
7058	The community board decided to grant approval on the conditions the lights would run from 4.30pm until 8pm, Monday to Friday.
7059	The company also explores for, extracts, and processes minerals, as well as oil and gas.
7060	The company believes that the initial phase was difficult because online business was a new term to this part of the world and also because the rulers find it difficult to trust the new comers.
7061	The company employed 70 staff before this contract, which has created an extra 50 highly-skilled jobs, some in Ilkeston but the majority on site.
7062	The company’s chief executive said it was always the plan not to feature the name “Trump” in the new brand name, which its news release said translates to “descendant of a notable family.”
7063	The company’s fall, however, was swift.
7064	The company’s outgoing head of marketing Ian Robertson is confident that BMW’s next-gen battery and electrical systems will give the firm a significant competitive edge.
7065	The company went public in November 2000.
7066	The complainer told a jury he "kind of suspected" that Beattie and his ex, had been in a relationship.
7067	The complaint against Pietersz filed by acting VDC-director Rudy St. Jago charges him with leaking information to George Jamaloodin.
7068	The complaint against Sáez-Llorens of causing wrongful death by negligence was filed Aug. 16.
7069	The concept of “Creation” is a big one.
7070	The concert begins at 2:30 p.m., with a pre-concert chat at 1:30 p.m. hosted by CRS artistic director Frances Heinsheimer Wainwright.
7071	“The conditions faculty face are not going away, and the broader forces at work threatening higher education are not going away.
7072	The conference was held Saturday, May…
7073	The conference will take place in Vic Falls and analysts say the airport should be refurbished in preparations for the General Assembly.
7074	The conflict is ongoing.”
7075	The consequence of leaving synthetic covers over the wicket since Friday evening was clearly evident when the sheets were removed on Sunday morning.
7076	The conservative Family Research Council issued a statement calling Gallaudet’s action discriminatory.
7077	The construction industry, buoyed by thousands of fresh contracts in newly occupied areas, came out of its coma.
7078	The construction of high-quality roads connecting oblast centers with Minsk is nearing completion.
7079	The construction route for the extension of the road would go through some cemeteries in the mountain rural villages but areas would be identified for reburial purposes.
7080	The consumer fair offers a window for business ideas, which could lead to entrepreneurial opportunities and job creation to further boost government efforts to diversify the economy.
7081	The continued rejection of democratic principles by the PNC during the period of the FCH plan, and even after, only helped to perpetuate further crises in food production and housing, among other sectors in Guyana.
7082	The contractors need 389 sq m of red rock to restore the wall.
7083	The contract will undoubtedly involve money but will also address work rules and other provisions contained in the approximately 200-page document.
7084	The Corrections Population Forecast is produced semi-annually by the Office of Economic Analysis (OEA) and the Corrections Population Forecast Advisory Committee.
7085	The cost for a three-year private applicator license is $25.
7086	The cost savings for drivers fall into two main categories—1) money saved from reduced damage costs from bad roads and 2) time savings and reduced frustration from congestion and delays.
7087	The couldn’t continue to exist if its sources were burned.
7088	The council applauds the borough president for his study, Alvarado said, but simultaneously asks what “clear policy changes” came out of it?
7089	The council approved the landscape increase and, lastly, a modest rate hike for trash removal.
7090	The council’s development control committee approved both applications last Thursday, where councillors raised concerns over both bids, particularly the GOL plans.
7091	The countries with the greatest numbers of pilgrims registered are Brazil, Argentina and the United States, but young people are coming from as far away as the Philippines and Slovakia.
7092	The country is already a world leader in free public transit after fares on buses, trains and trams in Tallinn were abolished in 2013.
7093	“The country seems to be heading towards ‘Lotacracy’ instead of democracy which is a matter of deep concern,” Mr Haq said in a statement issued by the JI Media Centre after his meeting with Liaqat Baloch and JI Punjab chief Mian Maqsood Ahmed.
7094	The country's regulations require farmers to obtain an export permit, registration with the Agricultural Market Authority (AMA) and a phytosanitary certificate from the plant quarantine department.
7095	The coup de grace was a photograph of a sleeping Tweeden and the now-senator pretending to grab her boobs for the camera.
7096	The couple would take that advice to heart and bear nine children, but only four survived to adulthood, all girls.
7097	The court also ruled that a public official charged with violating conflict of interest laws cannot assert a defense based on claims her agency’s legal counsel advised that no conflict existed.
7098	The court has refused to accept any further such cases.
7099	The court heard how officers, acting as members of the public, engaged the drivers on journeys which had not been pre-booked from one location to another in Milton Keynes.
7100	The court said that Trump could only ban travelers from the targeted countries “who lack any bona fide relationship with a person or entity in the United States.”
7101	The court voted to end the “TortureGate Corruption Scandal” (where all US Federal judges instantly dismissed every torture lawsuit to protect pals Bush2 and Cheney.) Which brought an almost end to the use of cold cell torture inside the USA.
7102	The CPI inflation fell relatively sharply mainly due to the lower increase in the prices of agricultural and petroleum products.
7103	The Cramahe Fire Department recently purchased a set of battery powered tools, known as the most powerful tools in the industry for auto extrication.
7104	The credit for the win goes to them.
7105	The crew declared an emergency at around 12.45pm and informed air traffic controllers that they wished to divert to Shannon.
7106	The Criminal Justice Branch revealed the RCMP and Butcher probes on Sept. 26, 2013.
7107	The Croydon Partnership say the 165,000 sq ft anchor store will have a Waitrose on the ground floor and three floors dedicated to the department store.
7108	The cruise ship port of Havana will be subject to medium-term expansion work, in accordance with the agreement signed between the Turkish corporation Global Ports Holding (GPH) and the Cuban company Aries.
7109	The culture they refer to is the fusion of the two.
7110	THE currency market may not sound exciting to the general public, but it has certainly been active over the last week, with the Pound still experiencing volatility against the major currencies.
7111	The current paradigm is much more robust to observations.
7112	The current visit is aimed at enhancing bilateral ties, strengthening the existing bonds of friendship and reinforcing co-operation in maritime security between India and Kenya.
7113	The custodian should also take note that all off-springs of livestock are also regarded as found property and should be treated as such.
7114	“The customers love it and enjoy it," he said.
7115	The daily catch special is always excellent while the ribs are “fall off the bone” so good, you’ll crave them for weeks.
7116	The daily technical programme of presentations and the innovative breakfast and lunch sessions provide a dynamic forum for discussing the technical challenges facing the offshore oil and gas industry.
7117	The Dalai Lama, in his own words, has been a ‘free spokesperson of the Tibetan people’.
7118	The dance language is all they need.”
7119	The data enables her team to make very detailed decisions, Woo says, in addition to localizing Bebe’s approach based on which prices, styles, and promotions work in each market.
7120	“The date on the product is really to tell you the quality and the freshness of the product, when it’s going to be at its peak,” Weiss said.
7121	The daughter of Edward and Agnes Bauer, she was born October 16, 1926, in Wilmette, Illinois.
7122	The day after his inauguration, that narrative was set in stone.
7123	The day after I was in Hebron three young men were killed at the barricade by Israeli soldiers, and many more injured in the fighting that ensued.
7124	The day before, pitcher Caleb Yoder, a junior, scatttered six hits in the first six innings of the second game of a doubleheader with Hannibal-LaGrange, a 3-2 loss.
7125	The D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program, restored by Congress, provides scholarships allowing K-12 District children to attend one of more than 50 participating private schools.
7126	The deceased is identified as Jose Lopez Bernardo.
7127	The decedents of these children are the people who built Brugal into what it is today.
7128	The decision was much more difficult for Moore than she originally thought it would be.
7129	The declaration, made in an audio message posted online, has confirmed widespread suspicions of links between the two groups and of al-Qaeda's presence in Syria.
7130	The deep friendship between Cuba and Vietnam has survived the test of time.
7131	The defense argued that Glass was not being charged with possession of marijuana or driving under the influence of marijuana.
7132	The definition of and proper scope of property rights is always contestable.
7133	The delays in issuing the relevant paperwork means some Zimbabweans face having their bank accounts closed.
7134	The delegation late one night met a journalist who had heard the IFJ delegation was visiting a city four hours' drive from his own town.
7135	The Democratic Alliance has set its sights on Gauteng and the Northern cape, saying it is confident that in the 2019 general election the party will grow even further, DA leader Mmusi Maimane said on Saturday.
7136	The Democratic Party is the only party that is standing with and committed to protecting Dreamers.
7137	The Department of Justice has started an investigation based on the murder and torture complaint against four Caloocan policemen allegedly linked to the killing of 17-year-old student Kian delos Santos during an anti-drug raid in August.
7138	The Depew School District just put a beautiful school building on the market because it no longer needed it.
7139	The deputy minister says he will let his constituents in Tapah be the judge.
7140	The designer outlet mall of Bicester Village is set in the English countryside near Oxford, but it might as well be in China.
7141	The designs are incredibly attractive with smooth, modern contours.
7142	The designs are then printed on canvas and covered with a layer of special glue that make the paintings waterproof and have durable colours.
7143	The detour route will be signposted for all vehicles to use and drivers are reminded to keep to speed limits and follow the directions of traffic controllers and signs.
7144	The development comes almost four months after Jasper Infotech registered an FIR with the EOW of Delhi Police against former senior executives of Quickdel Logistics in June.
7145	The development of agriculture and rural areas in the new stage is a major guideline of our Party and State.
7146	The DHR is planning to introduce special coaches for charter rides.
7147	The Dickinson County Composite Squadron, the local unit of the Civil Air Patrol, will host an open house at 7 p.m. Saturday at the Kingsford Armory.
7148	The difference between 6% and 3% for the Canada Health Transfer amounts to less than $1 billion next year.
7149	The Dinky train station’s overhead canopy collapsed and fell onto the track bed at around 4:25 p.m.
7150	The diplomats said the new findings will worry U.N. Security Council members, who hold an annual review of the embargo exemption in November.
7151	The directive establishes a monopoly, in favor of Maersk Djibouti Freight Station, over operations involving the stuffing and unstuffing of containers at the Djibouti port.
7152	The disbursement of money for ARVs from the Global Fund is something beyond Zimbabweâ€™s control and â€“ in the event that the process is delayed or flawed â€“ the responsible stakeholders should have a fall back plan.
7153	The DISCOs can deny but TCN should have the records to tell us what is happening to the energy that we are generating, simple question.
7154	The discovery of the ‘Rolling Sun’ phenomenon by the late historian Gerry Bracken suggests that even then, the natives venerated the Reek as a mountain of special significance.
7155	The dismantling will involve destroying all tunnels using explosives and the removal of observation facilities, research buildings and security posts.
7156	The dispute is nothing to do with Ocean Tankers or our ships and we hope the dispute can be settled quickly,” an Ocean Tankers spokesman said.
7157	The district granted the extension on Friday night.
7158	The district serves Nemaha, Johnson, Otoe, Pawnee and Richardson counties.
7159	The district shall use the payments for general education expenses.
7160	The Dobrianskis were not among the finalists, but Sergei said their company is pushing forward with new seed money and support from the Centre for Applied Research and Innovation at the B.C. Institute of Technology.
7161	The doctors’ strike that crippled the entire health sector for more than three weeks is testimony of his shortcomings.
7162	The documentary studies race in society, history and science.
7163	The document says that four days after Sang Boi Nghia and Khuong Le Ba Nguyen were found stabbed to death June 1, Circus Circus employees determined the door latch to their 21st-floor room didn't work properly.
7164	The dogs and puppies are being held at the SPCA shelter in Vancouver and undergoing veterinary care and treatment.
7165	The dollar has become a very unique currency.
7166	The dollar slipped into negative territory in European trade after earlier hitting a three-week high.
7167	“The do-nothing option does not exist,” she said.
7168	The Douma attack triggered missile strikes on Syria by the United States, Britain and France which they said targeted Assad’s chemical weapons program.
7169	The downside is that the Saudis will be playing the hosts on their home territory, in front of what is sure to be a packed Luzhniki Stadium of 81,000 spectators and a TV global audience in the billions.
7170	The Dragons host the first matchup Aug. 24, 2018.
7171	The drained broth is brought back to a boil and the hot liquid slowly added to the dehydrated potatoes in exactly the same quantity as that which was removed.
7172	The drawdown has become so severe that highly resilient fish are disappearing, evidence of ecological collapse.
7173	The dreamscape conjured up by Trump’s speech, a conspiracy theory anchored by a proliferation of anti-Semitic tropes, but missing Jews, is not an unfamiliar one.
7174	The driver for one of the vehicles was killed due to the massive impact.
7175	The driver handed himself to police and is being detained at Gulu central police station pending investigation.
7176	The driver of a white truck was warned for speeding on Gallatin Road at 12:20 p.m.
7177	The driver of No. 13 had some advice for girls as they choose a career path.
7178	The drones come from Precision Hawk out of North Carolina.
7179	The DSA hailed the legislative victories as a huge moment for the socialist movement.
7180	The Duchess of Sussex may love her…
7181	The duo are being represented by Attorney-at-law, Nigel Hughes.
7182	The Durham Police Department is investigating a report of a Jordan High student recording and sharing a video of another student topless, according to court documents.
7183	The Eagles brought the ex-Liverpool man to Selhurst Park in a £26m deal less than a year ago.
7184	The Eagles have never won the Super Bowl.
7185	“The early wickets really helped us to set up a good run chase for us.
7186	The Earth Hour campaign in 2018 will turn off lighting from 8.30pm to 9.30pm on March 24 in some public and household areas.
7187	The earthquake rocked Peru just before Pope Francis is slated to arrive Thursday for a three-day visit after touring Chile.
7188	The economic growth of the African continent does not leave the diasporas indifferent.
7189	The edition provides a general introduction, four volume introductions, and textual and explanatory notes.
7190	The education side must also be looked into.
7191	The eggs Benedict is absolutely scrumptious, just the right side of runny.
7192	The election of the Prime Minister shall be conducted by open vote.
7193	The Emperor and Empress began a three-day tour of Fukushima Prefecture yesterday and left the city of Iwaki for Minamisōma this morning.
7194	“The Enchanted Owl,” by Inuit artist Kenojuak Ashevak, a cherished Canadian icon, may feel familiar to northern neighbors – the image appeared on Canada’s 1970 Centennial Stamp of the Northwest Territories.
7195	The enemies of Allah will come and try to destroy the Kaaba.
7196	The energy required to produce them is significantly less than for traditional materials.
7197	The engaged couple, who are touring the U.K., attended a youth peace initiative event and ate lunch at an Irish pub.
7198	The enrollment at Melody, in West Garfield Park, is 98 percent black and 99 percent low-income.
7199	The entire community is appealing to the government to please come to their aid,” he appealed.
7200	The entire process – from blood draw to genome sequencing, analysis and diagnosis – took approximately 50 hours.
7201	“The ETO is very vague and incomprehensive, we can interpret the laws to suit us but its regulations have not been created for the cyber world.
7202	The EU and the UK shall however cooperate on sanctions and fisheries policies.
7203	The EU member states must finally live up to their own standards, editor-in-chief Laurent Joffrin writes in Libération.
7204	The EU official noted that she couldn’t give exact dates, but that the delegation will work quickly and in tandem with the consultation process for the official signing and ratification of the agreement.
7205	The evening will boast a jam-packed schedule of events that will keep everyone busy for at least four hours.
7206	The even larger implications of not being able to create skilled workers for these towns is that businesses will not consider moving to a town void of healthcare services.
7207	The event had also been filmed for Qatari television but none of the broadcast footage shows the emir speaking.
7208	The event honors those little red seeds that provides coloring to a number of foods.
7209	The event is one of many taking place throughout the year for the River Stour Festival and was organised by the Dedham Vale Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB) and Stour Valley Project in partnership with SVEN, the Stour Valley Education Network.
7210	The event was not yet finished, however, as the cast members remained on stage for a talk-back session in which they discussed the play’s themes with the audience, as well their experiences touring the show around the country.
7211	The evidence comes from about 18 years of data on women involved in landmark research that transformed thinking on hormone benefits.
7212	The evidence seems overwhelming: Mr. Schneiderman is pursuing a weak case that just got a whole lot weaker.
7213	The exact amount awarded, for costs plus fees, was $87,218,473.
7214	The exact nature of the negotiations which took place behind closed doors, and the kind of promises (or threats) that were made to Compaoré that made him bow out so quickly are not known.
7215	The excesses of those years accompanied another change in the make-up of bureaucracy.
7216	The Executives of Citizen Organized for Liberty through Action, COLA, will appear in the Belmopan Magistrate Court to continue their private prosecution against Former Minister of State Elvin Penner.
7217	The expectations are very high going into this game.
7218	The experience of substitutes Tony Dodd and Steve Goodman helped the cause and it was Goodman who went over to finish off the scoring.
7219	The experts, including Commissioner of Police Winston Felix, Deputy Commissioner of Police Henry Greene, MMC ex-Security Advisor Carl Morgan and Edward Boyer of the GCCI, spoke at the unveiling of the Police Christmas crime fighting plan.
7220	The extra effort can make a difference.
7221	The extreme cold weather has made it impossible to finish the week’s schedule of sports competitions.
7222	The extreme curve on the rear of the device can't really be seen in pictures.
7223	The extreme high tides preceding the sinking of the Titanic may have refloated many of those grounded bergs and allowed them to travel into the shipping lanes of 1912.
7224	The facility is expected to be open in October.
7225	The facility will triage and treat pediatric patients “where most appropriate,” MVHS added.
7226	"The facts are that Mohammed married a nine-year old girl which makes him a pedophile and rapist if he consummated that marriage with the child.
7227	The fact that tax dollars are in play here has drawn the ire of the Province.
7228	“The fact the Government has chosen this path and opened people up to misinformation and potentially nasty and hurtful attacks is also hugely disappointing.
7229	The family asks that donations be made to the ALS Association of GA, Tread for Ted.
7230	The family asks that friends celebrate Mr. Reed in their loving memories of him.
7231	The family received visitors at the home of Teresa Bridges in Frankston on Friday, Oct. 14.
7232	The family said the incident happened after their son had an episode of frustration in a speech class and threw papers on the floor.
7233	The family suggest memorials be made to the Archer Public Library, P.O. Box 786, Archer City, Tx.
7234	The family will receive friends today from 5 until 8 p.m. at the funeral home.
7235	The family would also like to express our deepest gratitude to Linda King, Teresa Steenvorden, Dr. Merritt and the wonderful staff at Castleview for all their great care and loving support.
7236	The fashion is that in the grand scheme of things, the May Events were a Good Thing.
7237	The fate of Afghanistan will be more closely linked with that of the region after 2014, and China supports Afghanistan's integration into regional economic cooperation, said the Chinese president.
7238	The FBI and Justice Department continue evading congressional oversight.
7239	The feature's name along with Tesla's marketing around Autopilot creates a "dangerously premature as.
7240	The federal law adopted in 2011 specifically bans amusement parks, but is silent about wheeled rides other than mountain bikes.
7241	The feds will pick up 20 percent of that bill and perhaps more depending on disaster relief funds.
7242	The feedback we got is that people don’t want TVs, pool tables and slot machines any more.
7243	The feeling was so intense.
7244	The fee will be $50.
7245	The FEMA maps lay out three different flood zones, each with a different probability of flooding and resultant damage.
7246	The festival will fuse the best of jazz music with the stylish fashion …
7247	The FIH Athletes’ Committee comprises a total of eight current and former hockey players who have the responsibility to act as a liaison between the FIH and the athletes and make sure the athletes have voice in the FIH decision making process.
7248	The film won a Cesar Award in Writing for Audiard and co-writer Torino Benacquista.
7249	The final athlete set to represent Arkansas in the finals was true freshman Janeek Brown.
7250	The final events of the programme (June 8-15 Moscow Russia) which is a three-day international friendship camp.
7251	The final report from the AFI-CIO will include solutions to fix workplace safety and health as well data from all 50 states on workplace injuries and deaths.
7252	The final results are in for the Hastings Borough Council elections 2018.
7253	The final score was 11 to nothing.
7254	The final year is known as Grade 12 or “Matric,” the year of Matriculation.
7255	The fire doors were old and not up to safety standards.
7256	The fire prompted the closure of Springer at Arroyo Road, where officers from the Los Altos Police Department directed traffic.
7257	The firm began operations in Thailand 46 years ago, and has become the market leader in many crop segments there.
7258	The first advent candle will be lit Sunday, December 2, at 14.00.
7259	The first and only year she coached High School Debate her team won the Nebraska state championship in their competition class.
7260	The first batch of saplings died while the second did not grow well.
7261	The first bill presented would ban teens ages 15 and under from using a tanning bed.
7262	The first day of school can be scary for young kids, but can be equally nail-biting for their parents.
7263	The first episode will air May 30th.
7264	The first exhibition was held in 2006, under the auspices of then-president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad; the second was in 2015, under the auspices of a cultural organization belonging to Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC).
7265	The first is for Kitimat Victim Services which is asking for $36,593.
7266	The first person who could spell the words correctly the next night would get a quarter.
7267	The first possibility is that the United States might be involved in the said act. Obviously, this is a conclusion many people will swiftly jump into.
7268	• The first reprisal by Indonesian military units took place on 7 September, resulting in all the houses at Kraras hamlet being burnt and the deaths of 4-5 civilians who had stayed behind.
7269	The first school on record to suspend students is Nazarene High School where students were caught playing the game at school last Thursday.
7270	The first season of Dawson’s had hit a nerve, kids and TV networks alike were throwing parties to celebrate its return for the second season.
7271	The first three phases are expected to be completed within three months.
7272	The first time I tried a beer that had been aged in whiskey casks was in Scotland, at some Edinburgh pub where I'd asked for something tasty and local.
7273	The first time was from late 2011 until early 2012, when then-Governor of the Bank of Israel Stanley Fischer started raising the interest rate to curb inflation, which was caused mainly by a steep increase in rents.
7274	The first titled “Can We Get Our Black Back?” was about how aspects of popular culture began in the black community and have become mainstream, forgetting their origins or turning it into a joke.
7275	The first two months have been very productive with many improvements made by staff.
7276	The first vice president will be nominated by the armed opposition while the current vice president will serve as the second vice president.
7277	The first visitors to Richmond Vale Railway Museum's reopening on March 4 were John, Maryanne and Max from Gosford.
7278	The first winners have already received their awards.
7279	The following are the results of the 2014 ASUC general election, as announced at Thursday night’s tabulation at 7 p.m. in the Valley Life Sciences Building.
7280	The following articles were published in SourceMex in Dec of 2017.
7281	The following information is courtesy of Bundanon Trust, bundanon.
7282	The following year he took the two lap record at Mount Gambier, finished 4th in the SA Title and 5th in the Victorian Title.
7283	The footage showed over five miles of floating garbage in the middle of the ocean which consisted of disposable plastic forks, bottles, Styrofoam containers, plastic bags and much more.
7284	The forecast remained unchanged as compared to the previous monthly oil market report.
7285	The former Deputy Governor recalled that the late Mrs Omowumi Akande during her lifetime was an epitome of love, pride to womanhood and pillar of support to Chief Akande who at every point in time stood by her husband like a strong pillar.
7286	The former minister also demanded a parliamentary inquiry into the matter.
7287	The forum’s key aims were to: inspire passion for science amongst youth and to establish cooperation and friendship amongst young science talents.
7288	The foundation funds scholarships for poor but promising South African high school students.
7289	The foundation has found 19 baby orangutans so far this year.
7290	The four falcons seen in Maine, American kestrel, merlin, peregrine falcon, and gyrfalcon, are long distance migrants.
7291	“The franchise system benefits business startups, especially minority entrepreneurs seeking to start their own businesses.
7292	The French higher education may be free, but what percentage actually get to attend?
7293	The French presidency says Macron told Trump during a call last week that new US tariffs on European, Mexican and Canadian goods are illegal and a "mistake."
7294	The fresh news, crystalline pure.
7295	The Fruitport baseball team showcased some serious mettle against state-ranked Jenison on Saturday.
7296	Theft, robbery, vandalism and drug smuggling have always been part of illegal immigration in Cochise County, but murder is not something the cattle ranchers along the Arizona-Mexico border expected to happen to Robert Krentz.
7297	The full council will consider the motion on its consent calendar at the June 5 meeting, which means they will vote on it and several other measures with no discussion.
7298	The fund is expected to begin operating next year and will among other projects finance a foot and mouth disease eradication program for Mercosur full and associate members.
7299	The fund is overseen by each of the leaders of the local political parties, and the first bid has now been announced.
7300	The fundraiser has been running for almost 15 years.
7301	The funeral service was Monday, Feb. 8, 2016 at Lone Oak Baptist Church, with burial in the church cemetery.
7302	The further things get from when crimes were committed, the less credible efforts to address them are going to seem and the weaker the perception of their efforts as legitimate is going to be."
7303	The future will therefore lie in a human-machine symbiosis that will require humans to adapt.
7304	“The Gailliard was a lively dance that was Queen Elizabeth’s personal favorite,” she added.
7305	The game started with a bang as the KoMets opened on a 7-0 run before the Vikings would answer with a 10-1 run of their own to take the lead.
7306	The game was called on the 10-run rule when Shelton-Gibbon stretched its lead to 15-5.
7307	The garden can be reached by following the little red chili pepper signs at the corner of Sonoma Highway and Pythian Road.
7308	The Garinagu invited everyone to dance the night away.
7309	The Garnock defence remained in control and the game finished without any further scoring to give the home squad a well-earned victory.
7310	The gates here at the fairgrounds open tomorrow at 10:00.
7311	The Gazette library only goes back to 1993.
7312	The General Assembly reconvened on Monday.
7313	"The genie is out of the bottle and NATO doesn't know how to control it.
7314	“The geniuses who created this (tech) industry must not hide behind its anonymity.
7315	The geographical location and the holy status of the city contributed to making it the central city in Palestine.
7316	THE German embassy in Zimbabwe has objected to settlers occupying three farms owned by a German national in the country, warning in a letter released on Thursday that the actions violate bilateral and international agreements.
7317	The German Kirche, which was partially financed by the Nobel Brothers, was one of the few places of worship that Stalin did not destroy in the 1920s-30s.
7318	“The Giants Club, the conservation initiative administered by the conservation organization Space for Giants; that I am delighted to be a founding member of.
7319	"The girls knew what they were letting themselves in for and they made careers from it.
7320	The Giving Pledge signatories, who range in age from 31 to 93, come together throughout the year to discuss challenges, successes and failures, as well as how to be smarter about giving.
7321	“The Glass Menagerie” was published in 1944, and it is centered on the retelling of the life of protagonist and narrator Tom, as told by his mother and sister.
7322	"The global economic situation is the major cause of the slowdown," said Li Jianmin, a researcher on Russia, Eastern Europe and Central Asia studies at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences (CASS).
7323	The goal here is to challenge black-and-white views of "bullies" and "victims."
7324	The goal of “Safeguarding” is to ensure that every child matters as well as it is everyone’s responsibility to ensure that the educational and sporting environment is free from all form of abuse.
7325	The good news is there are simple tips to help you combat bloating and leave you feeling better than ever.
7326	The good news is: Volcanoes reveal secrets when they’re rumbling, which means Kilauea is producing a bonanza of information.
7327	The good results at the 1996 Euros were not enough.
7328	The Gorham Times is mailed free to many Gorham businesses and advertisers.
7329	The Gothenburg Seniors dropped two games last week, fallling 11-0 to Lexington at home on Tuesday and then losing 15-4 to Alma on the road Saturday.
7330	The government did not want it at that time because it was war time I think.
7331	“The government hasn’t asked for our consent, so we need to have this discussion,” said Henry.
7332	The Government is trying assiduously to get out of that dismal classification, and that's why it is accepting training from the Department of U.S Homeland Security.
7333	The government of Alberta isn’t lily white in this mess either.
7334	The Government of Antigua and Barbuda has written to the U.S. State Department, through its Embassy in Washington, pointing out glaring misrepresentations in the Department’s 2017 Human Rights Report as it relates to Antigua and Barbuda.
7335	The government’s focus on international politics left little room for the development of an effective and independent judicial power.
7336	“The government’s response to all of these problems,” Lee says, “seems to currently be to defend, dismiss and deny.”
7337	The governor, a Pashtun appointed by President Ghani, does not get along with his deputy or the police chief, both Tajik Jamiat-e Islami mujahedin appointed from the Abdullah camp for ‘balance’.
7338	The Governor, Sir Alfred Savage, was by this time openly siding with the anti-PPP forces which were already agitating for the forcible removal of the elected Government.
7339	The grade 4/5 French immersion teacher said that while she instructed the class to pick a topic they normally wouldn’t work on, doing it on an animal that is not in the region the boys live was impressive.
7340	“The Grand Canyon will not close on our watch.
7341	The grandeur of Pakistan’s situation has brought some local St. John’s citizens together in an effort to help bring relief to the country.
7342	The grant allowed Hospice of Homer to recently update our donor database software.
7343	The grant "supports the artist's living and working expenses for one year," according to a statement from Pollock-Krasner Foundation program director Caroline Black.
7344	The great change in laws and policies on gay rights and same sex marriage has taken about a decade and a half: “don’t ask don’t tell” was introduced in 1993 and repealed in 2010.
7345	The Great Grow Out is an annual city-wide event focused on citizen conservation where volunteers grow local prairie plants from seeds for use in conservation projects.
7346	The Green Caps made two early breakthroughs with the ball, sending both openers back to the shed with single digit figures.
7347	The Green Pig, located across from Kealia Beach, serves Southern-style food with a carnival flourish.
7348	The Green Plains ethanol facility between Riga and Blissfield, Michigan.
7349	“The Greens call for an additional $20 million to boost regional and rural tourism through grants for local tourism operates, community groups and local governments,” he said.
7350	The Gregorian Egyptian Museum houses 23 such coffins.
7351	The Grenadiers took the opening kickoff and sparked by Amendola's 41-yard run moved inside the Wyoming 10-yard line.
7352	The group claims they were attacked as they headed to a store.
7353	The group partners with breweries to pick up trash and then gets beers after.
7354	The group played music like they would never stop, and the full house really appreciated the performance.
7355	The group said they were informed Stefanik would be there when the Now What? progressive group received a Facebook message Thursday morning from a group in the Glens Falls-area.
7356	The group should be confident and professional that are willing to work for the welfare of these neglected people.
7357	The group traveling with Greteman are from Carroll, Pocahontas and Hills, Iowa.
7358	"The gun just went off."
7359	“The guy wants to always be the Man of the Match.
7360	The halibut and sablefish fisheries close on Nov. 7 this year and will reopen in early March.
7361	The handful of chopped parsley that’s supposed to be flung over so many dishes at the end seemed like such an afterthought to me that, for a long time, I just blithely skipped it.
7362	The hanging baskets are lovely and colorful.
7363	The Harden Country Club was once again the venue for the Cherry Capital Music Muster last Sunday.
7364	The Hawks are in Whitecourt on the weekend for a pair of games before hosting Whitecourt on Nov. 22.
7365	The Heart of Tennessee Chapter of the American Red Cross is recruiting volunteers for the Lincoln County Disaster Action Teams.
7366	The heat played a big part in play as it sapped the strength from everyone.
7367	The Hezbollah chief stressed the importance of forming a new government, following the election of President Michel Aoun in late October, and the formulation of a new electoral law to guide the parliamentary elections slated to be held next year.
7368	The highest daily minimum wage in the country is only P325, received by industry workers in the National Capital Region (NCR).
7369	"The Historical Society hosted this event for the first time last spring and it was a huge success.
7370	The 'historic' Korean reconciliation of the Korean peninsula and the upcoming bilateral talks between United States President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un were also mentioned in Putin's statement.
7371	The History Of The National ChampionshipLooks like you're already verified.
7372	The HMIC report also criticised the HET’s relationship with the PSNI, saying it was not independent as it is directly answerable to the PSNI Chief Constable and comes under his operational command.
7373	The Holy Father laid emphasis on St Joseph's love and loyalty to God and said he remains a model family head.
7374	The Home Office created a UK residency app for EU citizens, but it doesn’t work on iPhones.
7375	The home side completed the scoring when McAllister broke through the defence to time his pass perfectly for Ross Moir to score in the corner for a satisfying 16-7 win.
7376	The home was ripped off its stilts along the river and crashed into a ranch road bridge, sending the nine people people in different directions.
7377	The host of the 2026 World Cup would be announced in Russia on Wednesday, on the eve of this year’s tournament kick-off.
7378	The hosts made a good start in reply, openers Lloyd Sabin (39) and Craig Haupt putting on 50.
7379	The hotel supports volunteerism and giving throughout the year.
7380	The hour calls for Jews to step forward with clear and principled Jewish words.
7381	The hours are long and varied during the spring, summer and fall, so it is tough to make plans for family time, but when the snow comes my hours become more normal.
7382	The house has a steep, gabled roof that extends the length of the house and is noteworthy for its large size and unique design, which architectural historians describe as Craftsman Bungalow style.
7383	The huge amazing kitchen…and this house comes with a chef, kitchen assistant, housekeepers…you don’t need to do a thing!
7384	The humble American sandwich has grown superpowers.
7385	The Hurst Road resident said: “I remember growing up and visiting my Burmese relatives in Catford.
7386	The idea is we have is to have shareholders and investors fund the films that we are making and give opportunities to those in the local community who want to be a part of it.”
7387	The idea of a large baseball facility that sits idle half the year is an eyesore and should be scaled back.
7388	"The idea that the DNC was willing to take a position that helped a candidate in the midst of a primary is outrageous and there is no justification for it," said Mark Longabaugh, a senior adviser to the Sanders campaign.
7389	“The idea was to have a couple of years on the tour if I could.
7390	The idiotic news media wants to give these whiners status and standing.
7391	The IMF has projected a gross financing gap of $24.4 billion for the outgoing fiscal year with the current account deficit projected at $15.6 billion.
7392	The immediate conversion of the advanced funding the FCC provided last year to carriers in Puerto Rico and the USVI into new funding by declining to offset that advanced funding against future universal service support payments.
7393	“The importance of the land and water and the subsistence resources there are vital to our identity and our future.
7394	The incarnation may take the form of a living person or a vague likeness of the deceased.
7395	The incident in which 32-year-old Marat Danielyan was fatally wounded reportedly took place in the northern directions of the line of contact (Talish) at around 6:30 am.
7396	The incident, just before 9pm, occurred when the three young men were on their way to collect a Chinese takeaway in Clones.
7397	The incident occurred on Feb. 5, 2014.
7398	The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by IDAHO magazine of the site.
7399	The index fell 0.3 per cent to a 10-day low of 93.604.
7400	The Indspire Awards were created in 1993 in conjunction with the United Nations International Decade of Indigenous People.
7401	The information believed to have been sold includes names, telephone numbers, property ownership, certain bank relationships and basic data about credit.
7402	The in-home care services program provides care to eligible individuals, as well as allowing family caregivers a break, all supervised by registered nurses.
7403	The inimitable Grace Zabriskie has one scene as Sarah Palmer, bathed in the sickly blue-and-black glow of her new digital flatscreen TV.
7404	The initiative is expected to provide further incentive for the self-employed to make wider use of the facilities in order to cut down on red tape.
7405	The injured were taken to Shashi Hospital in Bindura.
7406	The inspections aim to keep rentals in the city properly maintained so that students have better options when searching for a place to live.
7407	"The inspector general will take that as one of the matters they’ll deal with," he added.
7408	The inspector will make amendments and return the plan to the council.
7409	The Institute, which is a regional centre of excellence, has provided care to patients from within Uganda, Kenya, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Rwanda and Burundi, among other countries.
7410	The Insurance Act stipulates that a shareholder should not hold more than 40% in any insurance firm.
7411	The intensive program will last until June 16, the main events will be held in the Ufa Amphitheatre.
7412	The interactive group shared some stories of their own about what Bellingham was like when they were kids.
7413	The international intervention doctrine is what we have heard the confused Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga tirelessly preaching with an absolutely empty but very loud voice.
7414	The "international" side of the formula remains unchanged from years past.
7415	The investigation is on-going and anyone with information is urged to contact the Cottonwood Police Department Criminal Investigations Division or Silent Witness at (800) 932-3232.
7416	The investment in its state of the art manufacturing facilities will enable the family business to fulfil a rising demand for its services among tier one contractors in the major project market.
7417	The iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus come with a series of live photo wallpapers of fish and computer generated ink clouds which move when you press down on the screen, but having an image of your children come to life on your iPhone is quite magical.
7418	Their actions displayed a juvenile lack of judgment and utter disregard for the victims and their families.
7419	Their children are Jay Johnson of Marquette, who is a retired Research Scientist.
7420	Their draft law proposed removing jail time altogether and replacing it with fines of between LE5000 and LE50,000.
7421	Their loved ones held hands, put their arms around each other and prepared to hear the verdict.
7422	Their love for teaching could be seen and felt in the classroom.
7423	Their plan: Offer a Christian version of “The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson.”
7424	Their popularity has been in sharp decline since the early 2000s, with many cyclo drivers seeing their income dwindle by more than half.
7425	Their real world remained outside the borders of the Soviet Union – in those countries where they came from or in those countries they were told about by relatives.
7426	Their record is appalling.
7427	Their relationship will not continue, that goes without saying.
7428	Their secret weapon was a young Kenny Ortega, bound for future movie fame with Xanadu, Dirty Dancing, Newsies and the High School Musical trilogy.
7429	Their servers and networks are more integrated with those outside, exposing them to security risks.
7430	Their seven-year-old daughter survived the attack.
7431	Their space was nearly complete with some minor painting yet to be done and they hope to open by the end of the week.
7432	Their struggle is a truly national one.
7433	Their study reported that the population of illegal immigrants in Mississippi now stands between 25,000 to 35,000 people, a staggering increase since 2000.
7434	Their tour group was SmarTours and started off in Shanghai with a tour of the city and the Shanghai History Museum, then they flew to Beijing where they climbed the Great Wall. They saw panda bears at the Beijing Zoo and went to the Temple of Heaven.
7435	Their vocation director came to see me a few times before I made the decision to enter the Sisters of the Holy Cross.
7436	Their whole life experience is what it is.
7437	Their writing is introspective.
7438	The ISDS system ― which is now written into over 3,000 international trade treaties, including NAFTA ― was designed to solve a specific problem.
7439	The islands’ governments were also making sure that local interests of the islands were represented and that the ‘underestimated’ financial contributions they make into Europe were understood.
7440	The IU men’s tennis team punched its ticket into the second round of the Big Ten Tournament Thursday afternoon with a 4-0 sweep of Michigan State.
7441	The Jamaica office of DHL was started in 1988 with two employees.
7442	The Japanese leader hopes to influence Mr. Trump on issues like North Korean short-range missiles that could hit Japan.
7443	The jelly is a tawny peach color, and the flavor is hard to describe.
7444	The job requires only a high school diploma.
7445	The joyous atmosphere lingers in the red lanterns along the streets, in the colorful candy wrappers, and in the brilliant folk art performances.
7446	The judge instead relied on Matthew’s history and character descriptions, which included a letter from an ex-girlfriend, in sentencing.
7447	The juice can be applied to reduce the pain of sunburns and it helps to ease the pain from bee stings as well.
7448	The justice minister and a presidential aide offered to resign earlier this week after President Park Geun-hye was implicated as an accomplice in a high-profile corruption scandal involving her confi.
7449	The JVP MPs voted against handing over the harbour to China while MPs of Mahinda faction refrained from voting.
7450	The JVP’s second insurgency was raging.
7451	The key attraction was working five days a week rather than seven days a week in the bush, in remote locations.
7452	The key line in the address was when Netanyahu cautioned that “to defeat ISIS and leave Iran as a threshold nuclear power is to win the battle and lose the war.”
7453	The key wetland construction projects include Fangshan Liuli River wetland, Phase II of Dongnanjiao wetland of Tongzhou district, Maju Bridge wetland(Phase II), Yanqing Wild Duck Lake wetland and Mujiayu Wetland Park in Miyun district.
7454	The killers conspired to kill him.
7455	The killing of Abra Rep. Luis Bersamin and his bodyguard prompted the Philippine National Police (PNP) in Cordillera to increase its forces to prevent further violence.
7456	The killings of 16 Afghan civilians, allegedly at the hand of a U.S. soldier on his fourth tour across two war zones, is bringing new scrutiny to military policies on combat stress.
7457	The Kissimmee firm recently completed $15 million of work at Universal Orlando’s new Cabana Bay Beach Resort, and 17-year company veteran Pat Murphy was promoted to COO to oversee day-to-day operations.
7458	The Knesset yesterday approved a law to impose a minimum prison sentence of 2 – 4 years on rock-throwers if there is evidence proving intent to harm.
7459	The Lady Wildcats and the Lady Panthers have not faced any common opponent this season.
7460	The Lalong committee had in its report which was sighted by recommended what it said was “a roadmap to the Congress and the convention respectively.”
7461	The land is owned by John Scheef of Plymoth, MN.
7462	“The landlord is very forward-thinking,” Hallinan said.
7463	The larger charities were luckier, Ali said, as they could run advertisements on television appealing for donations.
7464	The large-scale conference attracts approximately 7,000 delegates to meet in Bangkok and is expected to generate up to 500 million baht in revenue to the local economy.
7465	The largest auto liquor cargo ever found in South Dakota was on July 11, 1932, west of Huron.
7466	The Lashings their roster includes arguably the World’s fastest-ever bowler Jeff Thomson, Pakistan spin king Saqlain Mushtaq, Windies fast bowling legend Courtney Walsh and record-breaking batsman Gordon Greenidge.
7467	The last confirmed sighting in Maryland was in 2009 and in the Hudson in 2014.
7468	The last day of February will be on the same weekday as March 7, April 4, May 9, June 6, July 11, August 8, September 5, October 10, November 7, and December 12.
7469	The last day of the week indicates enhancement of your strength with the help of a female.
7470	The last known public exposure in the was April 15 at a store called Tranquility Village in Mound City.
7471	"The last thing I remember is being in the bathroom.
7472	The last time a referendum made the ballot in Wyoming was 1996.
7473	The last time India reverberated with cries to make the country safer was when 'Nirbhaya' was gang-raped in the national capital in 2012, it said in a statement.
7474	The last time I spoke to you, I said, oh John, just another minute, John, please, you know, but I was absolutely … it’s always a pleasure to speak to you, John.
7475	The late leader, who died in 1994, is the grandfather of current leader Kim Jong-un.
7476	The latest deadly attack left three U.S. soldiers, two Afghan policemen and 15 Afghan civilians dead when a Taliban suicide bomber struck a joint unit of Afghan-coalition patrol in Khost city, the capital of eastern Khost province on June 20.
7477	The latest TV advertisement made use of children questioning the capability of Duterte to lead the country.
7478	The lavish, manicured grounds and gardens are gorgeous to stroll, looking out to the Gulf of Finland.
7479	The law also exempts the schools from many state rules and, critically, allows them to comply with the state’s class-size amendment rules by school-level average rather than individual classroom mandates.
7480	“The law enforcement response so far has been very quick and substantive,” she said.
7481	The law has been noted by analysts to threaten not only its own people’s freedom to speak and think (two integral ingredients for innovation), but also foreign corporations’ intellectual property and global connectivity.
7482	The law went into effect in 2000 and has since been changed to mandate parental consent-- not just notification.
7483	The LDS has been developed using a consultative process and broad involvement of local population, communities, organisations and individuals representing different …
7484	The legal age for work in Costa Rica is 16 years.
7485	The legislation’s purpose, the judges said, it to shift the burden of the vexatious litigation onto the vexatious lawyer, noting that fee-shifting statutes generally are interpreted as permitting the award of “fees on fees.”
7486	The legislative blueprint for the infrastructure bank also allows for the use public money to help bankroll projects “in Canada or partly in Canada,” provided there's a financial benefit and a physical connection to the country.
7487	"The legislative delegation of the four of us try to do this as quickly as possible, which we are doing," said Rep. David Nangle, who filed the bill.
7488	The legislatures have done a good job in setting the requirements/regulations for the process.
7489	The legislature, top-heavy with lawyers, is expected to exempt the legal profession from the value added tax, too.
7490	The leisure centre is now the meeting place for the tours.
7491	The letter asserted that the operating agreement for the property gives them the right to do so.
7492	The LGU also began developing “Cell III” but was momentarily halted in 2013 due to the election ban during the midterm elections.
7493	The library will have high speed internet service available for its patrons and for its own administrative use.
7494	The lira hit a 10-month low in early trade on Wednesday, touching 3.063 to the dollar.
7495	The list, announced on Monday by Governor-General Peter Cosgrove, sees swimming legend Dawn Fraser become a Companion of the Order of Australia (AC, the highest honour) adding to gold medals in the 100m freestyle at the 1956, 1960 and 1964 Olympics.
7496	The "little field" is, in fact, a large, flat, grassy paddock; a rarity in many parts of PNG.
7497	The little ones sat together with their group of friends, enjoying their Tico date.
7498	The live reveal stream has already been embedded in the site and is counting down the days till EA.
7499	The Lobos had 15 quality at bats and left seven runners stranded.
7500	The local Kiwanis Club supports youth groups, including Little League, soccer, Windmills Softball, Cub Scouts, Boy Scouts, the Historical Society and more.
7501	The Loganholme, Queensland, Australia, native is the 14th Lady Bear to be drafted all-time and the first-ever second round pick.
7502	The long-awaited scheme at Range Road had been given a January start date by developer Taylor Wimpey with the project expected to be complete by April.
7503	The Lopez case made it clear that Congress couldn’t do just anything it wanted, but the question since is how far it go.
7504	The Los Arboles Suite provides a lounging area with a bar and mini fridge, along with a tiled Jacuzzi tub and stand in rain shower.
7505	The loss of forests, water reservoirs and farmland means Istanbul will have crossed the sustainability “threshold”, he says.
7506	The Louisiana Center for Children’s Rights notes 18 of 23 juvenile offenders tried for murder since 2012 have gotten life without parole.
7507	The lower the crime, the higher the penalty.”
7508	The lowest loss figure was $1.15 million, the highest was $3.56 million.
7509	The lyrics include: "Come on, Spain, raise your voice; scream loudly, shout that goal.
7510	The machines spit out thin layers of plastic that build upward until your desired object magically materializes.
7511	The Madison-Plains High School girls got a winning shot put toss from Samantha Powell (28’-02”), a first place from Sierra Lapasky in both the 100-meter (13.8) and the 200 (30.0) as well as Gracie Farmer in both the 1,600 (6:54.9) and the 3,200 (15:17).
7512	The main doctor at Grantville is Dr Mariajoseph and presently, while he has been on an extended holiday, Wonthaggi Medical Group has rostered doctors at Grantville to ensure that the service continues unabated.
7513	The main menu is divided into Sante Fe-style folds (tacos), flats (spicy enchiladas) and plates.
7514	"The main purpose of the meeting is to set an agenda for lesbian cancer activists," she said, "to start a dialogue, to learn and share with each other."
7515	The main reason for declining trust in the EU is not the idleness of its institutions, but constant EU-bashing at national level and flat talk by Brussels.
7516	The Maize Days week big finale is Saturday with the parade at 10 a.m. and all sorts of stuff to do in the city park.
7517	The majority of Basotho live on less than US$1 a day.
7518	The majority of the proceeds from the Lodge are reinvested into the community.
7519	The male person then left.
7520	The manager hung up.
7521	The man always took too long to go to the market and run his errands, and David often wondered nervously what had happened.
7522	The mandate is scheduled to take effect in 2020.
7523	The man, Kelly Robert Nutting, had his hands tied behind his back, said the mother, Linda Nutting.
7524	The man nodded, making the bandage slip down, revealing an oozing burn.
7525	The man who pulled himself up by his bootstraps to make his first million by 25 will likely disgust the 19 year old still hoping to be the next Leonard Cohen.
7526	The march coincided with the annual ‘Jerusalem Day’ instituted by Iran to protest Israeli rule of the holy city.
7527	The margin remained at eight points at the main break however the Demons extended this to 16 points at the final change.
7528	The Mariners hosted Ecole Secondaire de Clare (ESdC) Sept. 27 on a damp and foggy Digby Regional High School (DRHS) field.
7529	The marketing of goods which require physical contact with the customer has to stay near the customer - except that increasingly sophisticated software is allowing 'virtual' on-line experiences to take over ever-greater parts of the sales process.
7530	The masks of these inferior people.
7531	The massacres, for instance.
7532	The Masterpiece Cakeshop decision is also important for what it did not say, but only implied.
7533	The Master’s program has proven to be popular among European and American students, but unfortunately there are no German students.
7534	The mayor and chief ran a tight ship, and I can only hope it’s that way here, too, but since I really don’t know, I’m not going to make up something.
7535	The Mayor of Orange Walk Town continues to sing acapella along with his handler and Master John Briceño how he has been operating without any assistance from central government.
7536	The measures will shrink the civil service by 8 percent, close four of five of Winnipeg’s QuickCare Clinics, and scuttle a $4.2 million program designed to incentivize medical students to set-up practice in rural communities.
7537	The MEC issued an appeal to all pregnant mothers in the province to start ante-natal care early for optimal care of mothers and their babies.
7538	The media, which had evaded responsibility under the pretext that there were no pictures, was forced to download from YouTube and abide by the lowest level of profession ethics due to the people’s faces, voices, and blood shown in the films.
7539	The meeting begins at 7:30 p.m. Social time starts at 7 p.m. The group discusses general information about computers, tablets and smartphones, and every meeting provides an opportunity for questions to club experts.
7540	The meeting in June was precisely the endorsement Kabila might have been seeking.
7541	The meeting strongly noted that such actions have caused local public resentment and hatred.
7542	The members agreed to a small group of five to draft a paper on the pros and cons of becoming a NIE.
7543	The membership resolution, which was put to UNESCO's 193-member general assembly in Paris, passed by 107 votes in favor, with 14 against and 52 abstentions, in what constitutes a major symbolic triumph for the Palestinians.
7544	The members of the Three Affiliated Tribes living on the Fort Berthold Reservation could get a bigger voice if amendments to the tribal constitution now under consideration are adopted, says Titus Hall, director of the constitutional committee.
7545	The Memphis Area Transit Authority is ending service to West Memphis, Arkansas, on March 31, citing a lack of funding.
7546	The men’s and women’s fencing teams hosted the Ivy League Championships Saturday and Sunday at the OMAC, with the men taking fifth place out of six teams and the women bringing home sixth out of seven.
7547	The mentors are responsible for sticking with the children for the next 12 years, dedicating at least four hours a week to each child.
7548	The Merced College ace was named the NorCal Pitcher of the Week after tossing a complete-game shutout against Porterville last week.
7549	The message also says that the Baku declaration noted efforts to implement the construction of the Turkmenistan-Afghanistan-Pakistan-India (TAPI) gas pipeline and the Turkmenistan-Afghanistan railway.
7550	The Met: Live in HD returns to the Fort, kicking off its 11th season at 10 a.m. Saturday with “Tristan and Isolde.”
7551	The Michelin Guide released its latest San Francisco Bay Area stars list Tuesday, yet again granting distinction to Baume in Palo Alto, Madera in Menlo Park, Chez.
7552	The micro algae which develop change the colour of the slurry to dark green and the work performed by the bacteria renders the slurry homogeneous.
7553	The Mighty Warriors had to fight from behind after finding themselves trailing the Twiga Stars following an Omary.
7554	"The military can force men to "accept" integration in the sense that soldiers must "accept" virtually anything their superiors impose upon them, but it cannot force men to trust women, and the absence of trust in battle can be deadly."
7555	The minimum age for Nursery, KG-1 and KG-2 has been fixed at 3 to 5 years.
7556	The minister of the New Douglas Baptist Church performed the ceremony.
7557	The ministers met at the league's headquarters in Cairo to formulate a response to the US decision, which has been roundly criticised in the Arab world and internationally.
7558	The ministry also rejected the rumor doing the rounds in capital Kinshasa that some people in the city had been infected by Ebola.
7559	The ministry announcement two months ago confirmed it was going to combine both insured operational funding and the uninsured or emerging indications through Cancer Care Ontario, said Sherar.
7560	The Ministry of Health in South Sudan on Friday said it has set up an emergency response team across the border between South Sudan and the Democratic Republic of Congo following reports of Ebola outbreak in North and Western Part DRC.
7561	The mistake was rectified and during the course of changing the bill, the price of giblets took a plunge in our favour and were finally billed at a reasonable $5 as opposed to either $7 or $8 — both of which had been quoted in the original conversation.
7562	The Model Town Community Center now mainly comprises rentable marriage halls which remain occupied throughout the year — no actual community activities take place there.
7563	The Mokena Downtown Merchants Association is set to host a Feast of St. Mary Mount Carmel on Sunday, July 20, in the Front Street commuter lot.
7564	The money will be used to build more space at cramped schools, upgrade and update classrooms and improve other facilities.
7565	The month of March in Belize is celebrated annually as National Women’s Month; as a result, the Special Envoy Office in collaboration with the NWC is staging the 20,000 Strong National Women’s Empowerment Rally on Thursday, March 6, 2014 from 9:00A.
7566	The MORTH in its letter to the state governments has observed “It has been noticed that many children below the age of 18 years are riding scooty on way to school.”
7567	The Mortimer menage swiftly became a cottage industry, with a play starring James Fox, rival volume’s of letters from Charlie’s sisters and now Charlie’s memoir of his wayward life.
7568	The Moslem population of Ethiopia has been going through significant developments since sometime now.
7569	The most egregiously simple trick in the report is its selective approach to accounting for inflation.
7570	The most of educated and skilled and knowledgeable component of Eritrean community are never brought into leadership roles.
7571	The most popular baby names registered by Nottinghamshire County Council’s Registration service in the last 12 months have been revealed.
7572	The Most Rev. Robert Deeley blesses the congregation after he was installed as the 12th bishop of Portland at the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Portland, Maine, on Feb. 14, 2014.
7573	The motorist did not have a valid driver’s license, nor did two other motorists who responded to assist the people in the first car stopped.
7574	The move comes only a few months after the two musicians claimed to have patched up their off-stage differences which threatened to split the group.
7575	The Movement aims to regain Ethiopia’s pride in the community of nations.
7576	The movement to come to pig farmers’ rescue should be provisional only.
7577	The move sets up a parliamentary showdown between rival factions of the Conservative Party in November that could re-open divisions Cameron tried to heal earlier this year.
7578	The move to halt military operations when the Pakistani invaders were about to be driven out completely from Kashmir and to take the matter to the United Nations was worse than a blunder—it was a crime.
7579	The movie was fantastic and it taught a great lesson about bullying.
7580	“The movie was inspired by the story of Inikpi, an Igala princess and only daughter of the Attah of Igala, who offered to lay down her life to end the imminent war between the Igala Kingdom and the Benin Kingdom.”
7581	The movie, yet to be determined, will start at 9:30 p.m. and Council will be serving popcorn to those in attendance.
7582	The Moyer family’s involvement in the Dublin governance is well documented.
7583	The MTC now plans for housing and transportation for the Bay Area and favors expensive bike lanes on bridges and tall apartments near bus and train stops.
7584	The mudflats of China Lake in California cover many square miles, but were judged “isolated” under SWANCC.
7585	The museum maintains that the art works, which include two paintings by Norman Rockwell donated by the artist, are under no sale restrictions.
7586	The music itself was robustly arranged, with synth pads floating in and out of harmonica and banjo lines.
7587	Then after O’Kane had his effort chalked off, Rachid Rihane struck a post before Sweeney’s follow-up was blocked.
7588	The Nairobi Securities Exchange (NSE) has also weighed in, noting the capping of interest rates may negatively impact the banking sector with a knock-on effect of dampening broader stock market valuations.
7589	The name would remain unchanged, and it still references a group of people.
7590	Then, as part of a settlement with customers, reduced that by more than half to 44-point-six million dollars, which was approved today by the Wyoming Public Service Commission.
7591	The National Weather Service has posted a Winter Weather Advisory for the Southern Oregon Cascades and Siskiyou mountain passes in Jackson County.
7592	The natural riches of the land allow Dominica to be of the worldâ€™s largest exporters of vegetables, fruit, coffee and sugar-cane.
7593	Then Caleb’s little red house will finally be complete.
7594	Then comes the absolute worst four words in the history of eye exams.
7595	The nearby Ann Richards School is being used as an emergency Red Cross shelter for residents.
7596	The nearest public parking is available in Calle Muelle de Levante alongside the city port.
7597	The nearly full auditorium was treated to Shakespeare’s “Much Ado About Nothing” as well as an original work, “Ariadne’s Thread,” written by TPE visiting director, Judy W. White.
7598	The NEC, which is the highest decision-making body of the party, had given Sheriff responsibility to run the affairs of the party and timeframe within which to conduct a national convention.
7599	The neighborhood is also experiencing demolition of older rental stock, resulting in a net loss of 13 apartment units between 2014 and 2015.
7600	The Nelson County Youth Soccer Association is taking registrations for the Spring 2017 season until Jan.
7601	The Netherlands could be one of the hardest-hit EU countries if the UK leaves the bloc without an agreement.
7602	The new Act also compels political parties to disclose to the registrar of political parties sources of their funding and donations exceeding K1 million from individuals; or those exceeding K2 million from companies.
7603	The new bleachers are scheduled for delivery by the first week of September with funds from the building fund to help pay for them.
7604	The new breathalyser will mean that drivers who are marginally over the limit won’t have the opportunity to ‘sober up’ during the extra time taken to get to the police station.
7605	The new bridge’s acknowledged price is currently $93 million.
7606	The new fire pit will be more attractive and safer than the ring that is currently used for fires in the Hermann Bowl.
7607	The new funding follows an announcement of $5 million in September, used as an endowment to recruit leading researchers and for the building of the new centre.
7608	The new fund is expected to support about 30 new projects and benefit about 5,000 people annually, MPA said.
7609	The new hardline policy is a directive from Homeland Security and the Trump administration.
7610	The new invention spread rapidly.
7611	The new leadership of the FCC has given us an opportunity to do just that, by freeing the internet from outdated, monopoly-era regulations.
7612	The New Oxford American Dictionary gives a very straightforward definition of the word “draconian”.
7613	The new rules were due to roll out in April but the Government has delayed them to ensure any system introduced in workable.
7614	The news comes a day after Tesco announced that it would be axing 1,700 shop floor jobs across its stores nationwide.
7615	The new sentencing laws made sense, but not when it meant sending inmates to jails that have no room for them.
7616	The newspaper is read in some 85 countries beside Costa Rica and on the same day that it is posted to the Web site, as any advertiser knows.
7617	The new store is located off Miller and Linden Roads across from the Genesee Valley Mall.
7618	The next guy came up from Arizona for something else and deigned to talk to me.
7619	The next major shift in the storied past of eggnog occurs during the colonial era of North America.
7620	“The next question he answers is the one the most people in the room want an answer to.
7621	The next race of the Series will be the Individual Time Trial sometime in September.
7622	The next screen includes a Forgot Password?
7623	The next text: “Armenia is my home.
7624	The next time I saw Jaffa was on 8 Dec. 1991.
7625	The next time you hear hurricane -- think inland flooding!
7626	The NFL and the players union had engaged in settlement talks for weeks with Berman, who urged them to find an acceptable solution.
7627	Then, for more than four decades, Castro had a relationship with Dalia Soto del Valle.
7628	Then he looks up.
7629	Then, he lost the track and his interests also changed.
7630	“Then he was like, ‘Oh, I make kombucha.’
7631	“The nice thing about Winnipeg is you kind of get your pick of the litter.
7632	The night David Lamontagne seized behind the wheel, he died.
7633	“Then I started getting calls from other people who were also rejected,” Santiago said, “and that’s when I got both angry and inspired.”
7634	Then it heads to the voters as a statewide ballot question.
7635	Then it was another two miles to that night’s camp at the Piute Canyon Trail junction.
7636	Then it was ‘the Muslims’ as though they don’t have civil wars, inner struggles of moderates vs radicals and Sunni vs Shia and describing the ME as if it were one country and people (like describing all Europeans as Nazis because of Germany in WWII).
7637	Then one morning earlier this winter, he caught a 20-second segment about the “Get On the Shelf” contest during a business news television show he watches.
7638	THE NOONER for 04-30-18If you don't see images in this message, click "Display Images" or the equivalent.
7639	The North Central Provincial Council (NCPC) today approved the 20th Amendment to the Constitution with 15 members voting for and 13 against it.
7640	Then, out goes Raheel Sharif and in comes Qamar J. Bajwa, with a weight that had to be carried howsoever reluctantly.
7641	The Nova Scotia Medical Examiner’s Office will conduct autopsies to confirm cause of death.
7642	The NRA was the biggest financial backer of Donald Trump’s Republican presidential campaign, spending at least $30 million on his behalf – nearly triple what it spent to support Republican nominee Mitt Romney in 2012.
7643	Then share their glory by preparing their not-very-difficult recipes for family and friend.
7644	Then the polls open for Election Day on November 7. Vote!
7645	Then there are commuters in town and in rural areas who enjoy riding,love to get that heart pounding,some who love the casual slower pace and some who have no other transportation.
7646	Then the TPLF CC statement describes the EPLFРђЎS alleged act of blocking the life line of the famine victims as Рђўan unpardonable actРђЮ.
7647	Then they would have the opportunity to profit as opposed to paying the city.
7648	Then this happens.
7649	Then too there is the closer connection that is being felt more and more between various sciences and disciplines, as well as the desire for greater cooperation in the whole university environment.
7650	The NTP came out with these findings so…
7651	The number of government jobs has decreased by 600 in Spokane County this year, with job losses occurring at all levels of government, Tweedy says.
7652	The number of housing and business projects planned along El Camino Real is a big reason to provide this efficient public transit option.
7653	Then we could have ones for those who wear glasses, after all, they are often taunted as kids.
7654	Then we’ll need everybody to really focus on Amaruq as an opportunity so that we don’t get bogged down and create this large gap, because we don’t want people to not have employment there.
7655	Then why should it be any different when I choose the woman with whom I'm going to spend the rest of my life?"
7656	Then, women are sent immediately back to prison.
7657	Then, you realize that they are off to college away from home.
7658	"The objective is to stabilise the plunge pool and prevent further scouring, particularly along the weak fault/seam zone towards the dam foundations," its report notes.
7659	The October mid-month dinner will feature Schnitzel, a popular Octoberfest dish, potatoes, vegetables, soup, bread or rolls, tea, coffee and dessert.
7660	The odor of oil and grease is rich in the air, a welcoming scent to all who love old tractors, and that’s the only kind of people who still step through the door.
7661	"The offender continued his conduct despite being on police bail for similar conduct.
7662	The office will resume normal hours on Monday, January 4, 2016 at 7:30 a.m. The staff and …
7663	The Official Secrets Act is usually cited to explain the scenario, and it must indeed be pointed out that the information Saran reveals in his book falls squarely within the purview of this draconian colonial legislation in a number of instances.
7664	The official statements from the Stockbridge City Council can be read at the city’s website (). Archived video of the council meetings can be viewed there as well.
7665	The ÖKU bandwagon moves around Tallinn depending on the event and demand, but recently it has been based on Roseni Street in Tallinn’s Rotermann business quarter, and at Telliskivi food fair.
7666	The old East Village spirit lives, in the ageless Lypsinka.
7667	The Old South monuments are supported by groups including the Sons of Confederate Veterans, which is erecting new memorials even as others are removed.
7668	Theology and theological research – Professor Njoku who became the first Nigerian to earn a Ph.
7669	The one-billion-rupee government plant has the capacity to desalinate two million gallons of water per day but requires a huge amount of money for its repairs.
7670	The one bright spot is Fassbender, who gives both androids distinct personalities and wants.
7671	The one subject in school you hated is now your friend.
7672	The on-line check-in process will also flag other important issues, including whether you have a valid passport, another potential pitfall which can take several days to deal with.
7673	The only business operating there will perhaps be a convenience store if the new local residents are lucky.
7674	The only cause for concern is a surge in the price of raw materials, which mounts cost pressures on enterprises, he said.
7675	The only cost to the county will be in transporting the animals.
7676	The only exceptions to this rule are diplomats and those working with certain international organisations and CERN: they don’t need to exchange their foreign licences.
7677	The only option that was left for them was to cross the merciless oceans in search of a better life anywhere but in Eritrea.
7678	The only that changes is maybe Brent’s matchups.
7679	The only thing constant is the trash.”
7680	The only thing I have, and you know I say this to Andrew all of the time, I’m so blessed that I get to work with people like Andrew and Lin, all of these incredible people.
7681	The only way I can make a difference is to vote."
7682	Theo Paphitis today announced on Twitter that he has quit the BBC2 show Dragons’ Den to pursue his business interests.“
7683	The opening ceremony and official reception at the Russian Embassy was attended by representatives of the embassies of the CIS countries, the German organizations, scientists, artists, members of the Bundestag, famous diplomats.
7684	The operators should be paying us or leaving.
7685	The opposite of that would be to take as much as you can from someone – that is selfishness.
7686	The opposition has denounced the trial, while human rights organization Amnesty International has noted that these prison sentences for opposition leaders continue the downward spiral for human rights in The Gambia.
7687	The organization alleges untreated waste from a U.N. base was dumped into a tributary of Haiti's Artibonite River, the country's longest and most important waterway, and that the U.N. failed to adequately respond to the epidemic.
7688	The organization, located at 500 S. Franklin St., has formed a committee to conduct a search for Leatherman’s successor.
7689	The original print version of this article was headlined "Wild West 2.0"
7690	The other newspapers owned by the Burns and Wilson families under Herald Publishing will be printed in Sheldon as well beginning this week: The Jefferson Bee & Herald, The Guthrie Center Times, Guthrie County Vedette and Lake Panorama Times.
7691	The other semi-final will be contested between Linotype Cheadle Heath Nomads and Knutsford.
7692	The other thing will be managing the allies.
7693	The outcome of the high drama has been lost in the results from the individual state caucuses and primary elections.
7694	The Outdoor Retailer and Snow Show in Denver, Colo., and the Great American Outdoor Show in Harrisburg, Pa., offered a portrait of a complex and divided American conservation movement.
7695	The overall effect is a casual, comfortable abode with modernist sensibilities and a striking sense of calm.
7696	The Owls also ended with 28 first downs in the game, ranking first in Texas Bowl history and second among Houston bowl games.
7697	The owner of the attacking dog did pay the $1,300 bill for Coco’s surgery.
7698	The pair did inspire India and Pakistan's ambassadors to the United Nations to sit together at the U.S. Open later that year.
7699	The pair spent a lot of time together.
7700	The Palenque region is covered with lush jungle vegetation, and visitors have several options for enjoying its natural splendor.
7701	The Palestinian police transported the Cohens to a Ramallah checkpoint where they were released back into Israeli territory.
7702	The Palestinian received a permit from the Israeli authorities, but the soldiers abducted him after her arrived at Erez on his way to a hospital.
7703	The PAN-Aadhaar linkage will offer greater advantage to the tax-man than the tax-payer.
7704	The papers recited these stories with profound obsession with names and events described as if they happened only yesterday.
7705	The Parade of Boats will benefit three north Georgia youth charities: The Boys & Girls Clubs of Lanier, Toys for Tots and the Hall County Sheriff’s Youth Home.
7706	The ‘pareas’ ( Parea is the art of Greek social life) were in the midst of celebration, or ‘glendi’.
7707	The park includes barbecues, green space, a P-Patch and ADA-accessible walking path.
7708	The park, under the direction of Jon Jarvis, led the charge to remove the oyster farm.
7709	The parties are therefore contemplating amending the constitution by a 2/3rd majority in the parliament, thus coercing the court to toe their line.
7710	The parties can request extensions of up to 120 days to file briefs, Thomas said.
7711	The parties, not the corporations are the ones in control of government.
7712	“The partnership and support of the Northern Ontario Heritage Fund Corporation played an important role in constructing the Atikokan and Wawa pellet facilities.
7713	The party also berated some state governments for their inability or refusal to pay workers' salary, describing the trend as anti-people and a modern form of slavery.
7714	The passenger in this case, however, was the president of the United States.
7715	The “pay for play” politics that have now surfaced in Ottawa reminds us that many of the Trudeau gang came from the McGuinty Liberals.
7716	The PCRM's defeat in the early legislative elections of July 29 and the coming to power of the Alliance for European Integration (AEI) thwarted the plans of the former head of state Vladimir Voronin and his party.
7717	The peasants had no longer to dismount when they saw the mayor coming, and they liked that.
7718	The Pentagon - the only evidence the Popular Mechanics article sites is the contractor that "holds pieces of flesh in his hands."
7719	The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has criticised the repeated snub of Senate’s invitation by the Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Ibrahim Idris, and described the attitude as “an assault on Nigeria’s democracy”.
7720	“The people who are against it were right out there yelling about it,” he said.
7721	The people who’ll suffer the most from the European Union exit vote are the people who voted in favour of it: poor, working class Britons who are going to be worse off without EU protections.
7722	The performance on June 10 will be followed by a discourse with King.
7723	The “perpetual president” only had to contend with a handful of eccentrics as the opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, had conveniently been barred from the race, says The Economist.
7724	The person no longer lives at the address listed.
7725	The Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte altered the political landscape of bilateral relations with China and other countries in the region by pursuing a so-called "independent" foreign policy.
7726	The Philippines endures about 20 major storms annually, but officials said Nesat and Nalgae were among the most powerful this year with their massive rain bands covering most of Luzon, the country’s main and most populous island.
7727	The Philippines, Saudi Arabia and Israel are the only countries on better terms with the US since Trump’s arrival in the White House on 20 January.
7728	The Phillies win their first World Series since forming during the Chester A. Arthur presidency.
7729	The pick-up lines become lamer and cornier and they start to work better and faster.
7730	The pictures are rendered sharp with decent brightness levels.
7731	The Pirita Open Winter Swimming Competition will take place 26-27 February at the Pirita Olympic Sailing Centre.
7732	The Plainfield United Methodist Women is inviting the public to join them to hear Sherry Leach-Caves speak about her experience in Ethiopia at 6:30 p.m.
7733	The plan: An artist impression of the academy plan.
7734	The plans form part of an overall vision by to try to regenerate the St Botolph’s area.
7735	The plant was constructed in 1959, but TVA upgrades equipment to reduce environmental impact as much as possible.
7736	"The players have had opportunities to play alongside an All Black, an Italian international and an American International- that is all good experience.
7737	The PNPYO, under its new leadership team, outlined its agenda for this year into 2020 at a press conference at the PNP’s Old Hope Road Headquarters.
7738	“The pod storage was an improvement and probably held the most historically significant documentation since the county’s sovereignty, including files and bound volumes of historical importance from different departments,” Moeller told the court.
7739	“The point isn’t to put a head on the chopping block,” she said.
7740	The Police Executive Research Forum (PERF), a Washington-based think tank, on Friday released their Action Plan to Reduce Gun Violence following a Thursday meeting with the nation’s big-city police chiefs.
7741	The Police Log is a digest of reports provided by the Johnston Police, Rhode Island State Police and other departments.
7742	The police will know who the protesters are, they said they have been present at every protest.
7743	The Polish Town resident and school board watchdog announced her decision to step down from the responsibility during the public comment portion of Tuesday’s meeting.
7744	The political arena, however, continued to suffer from “inertia of rest”.
7745	The political conspiracy means that, first, overseas interests will now determine our economic and social policy and even our power structure.
7746	The politics in Oklahoma are dominated by people who think exactly like you, by the way.
7747	The poor lady had to walk further with a cane, because of an inconsiderate person, who does not care.
7748	The pope devotes several pages to suggestions for better homilies, based on careful study of the Scriptures and respect for the principle of brevity.
7749	The Pope, reflecting on the book of Genesis, underpins that in the original covenant which God established with humanity at creation, He called man and woman to share in “subduing the earth” “Be fruitful and multiply, and fill the earth and subdue it”.
7750	The Popular Union (UP) opposition party last week had announced protest marches in Malabo and Bata for yesterday, 23 March, at ten o'clock in the morning.
7751	The population of avid movie-goers is shrinking as cinemas close their doors to lesser-known international and independent movies that are not deemed safe bets of a $13 entertainment investment.
7752	The population of the world is growing, and cities are getting more crowded.
7753	The porch is decorated with many flowers and ornamental plants.
7754	The possible solution to mitigate the current problems of a narrow tax base and administrative hurdles is an effective and easy tax law.
7755	The Postal Service is losing money.
7756	The postal votes lists would be certified on 8th January and all postal ballot papers will be handed over to post offices on 11th January.
7757	The Post-SurveyMonkey poll employed a "non-probability" sample of respondents.
7758	The precision-engineered 3D knit, an advanced technology also featured in state-of-the-art sportswear and footwear, helps create supports that are comfortable, lightweight and formfitting.
7759	The preparer must also give you a copy of the return.
7760	The president changed his tone on the campaign trail in order to appeal to the opposition.
7761	The president of North Park University, David L. Parkyn, emailed the student body on Nov. 15, saying, “messages and expressions of hate have no place on our campus.”
7762	The President of the National Association of GPs, Dr Maitiu O’Tuathail has welcomed clarification from the Taoiseach Leo Varadkar today about the provision of an opt-in service in relation to GPs and termination of pregnancy.
7763	The pressure of becoming a four-time state champion – something Mejia started talking about in the fourth grade – started to wear on the 17-year-old in recent weeks.
7764	“The Primary objective is to look at what is happening on the day itself but to also meet with various stakeholders, to gather information,” said Welsh.
7765	The Prime Minister advised that flooding has been reported in the North Abaco settlement of Sand Banks.
7766	The prime minister said the coalition government reflected unanimity of objectives of the Kashmiri leadership, and it would also give much-needed boost to the Kashmir cause.
7767	The prize I was awarded is a recognition not only of my personal creativity but also the contribution of all Abkhazian writers in world literature", - he said.
7768	The problem with politics is parties, he says, citing French philosopher Simone Weil’s 1943 essay On the Abolition of All Political Parties.
7769	The process is more expensive, but the patching has proven to be more durable.
7770	"The produced output thermal energy is completely autonomous; it does not depend on any electrical support, and is that of the latent heat of water evaporation," a confidential report on tests at the Unioversity of Bologna revealed.
7771	The program costs up to $200 million a year,” Fitzpatrick said.
7772	The program has been in place in Huntington County for more than 50 years.
7773	The programme showed that some Polish and Ukranian Football hooligans are racist thugs and that cannot be denied.
7774	The progressive Action Network urged protesters to wage more sit-ins on Thursday.
7775	The project involved students writing a letter to the other classes and making a Valentine to send along with the letter.
7776	“The project started when I was in hospital following my suicide attempt, and I wanted to tell other women they are seen, they are important and they matter.”
7777	The proliferation of Internet Web pages also presents a problem.
7778	The Property described above is a(n) Biennial ownership interest as described in the Declaration and such ownership interest has been allocated 126,000 Points (as defined in the Declaration) for use by the Grantee in Even Year(s).
7779	The property enjoys the real feel of warmth in winter by enjoying a log burner with heat transfer & an HRV, plus the bonus of double glazing on the South side.
7780	The property on and around Route 40 falls in different municipalities as well as being owned by different entities.
7781	The property on which the house stands is owned by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, but the museum is operated by West Virginia’s Department of Culture and History.
7782	The Prophet walked with her toward her home.
7783	The prosecution is focusing on four key events which took place after the contested presidential election in December 2010, for which they believe there is sufficient evidence to prove the culpability of the accused beyond a reasonable doubt.
7784	The prosecutions proved that Musonda stole the US$9,300 which was entrusted to him by Congolese Kiyama Ilunga to deliver to his brother Rupiya Ilunga, as balance for payment of a motor vehicle which he was purchasing.
7785	The prosecutionteam was Gila County Attorney, Frank E. Tippett and his Assistant, Daniel E. Reinhardt.
7786	The prosecutor read the account of a witness, Ayish Joylal, to the jury where he said: “He saw a group of what he thought were about seven or eight boys and among them was a youth who he described as the person who was stabbed.
7787	The prosecutors’ office in the Caribbean coast state of Quintana Roo said that “the cause of death was asphyxiation from inhaling toxic gases.”
7788	"The prosecutor wanted 15 years, the maximum, but Sandra ended up getting eight years, three of which were suspended for five years.
7789	The prospect of opening up on Block Street is something Hodges said he’s especially excited about.
7790	“The protocol started before Nell’s fourth birthday to last 82 weeks.
7791	The PSNI have written to me as a witness in the case.
7792	The PTM actively emerged on the national scene in January to demand justice for a 27-year-old Pashtun man, Naqeebullah Mehsud, from FATA who was killed in the southern port city of Karachi.
7793	The public is invited to attend the free admission event and encouraged to bring a lawn chair.
7794	The public prosecutor for the region then visited several other communities and ordered the release of detainees against whom charges had not been filed.
7795	The public sentiment was subtly reflected in some newspaper commentaries.
7796	The Public Services Commission has appointed Cuthbert Knights as the new Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Health, Wellness and the Environment, effective March 6, 2017.
7797	The Public Service Union of Belize is denouncing the way public officers are being chosen and prepared for the upcoming general elections.
7798	The publishing of Anthologies is once again on stream and the 2005 anthology has been successfully printed.
7799	The Pulga has revealed the teams he wants to avoid.
7800	The PUP release ends by saying that the PUP is prepared to work, as a matter of urgency, with Government and civil society partners to chart a way forward which will reflect the multidimensional and holistic approach needed at this time.
7801	The purchase limit will be one ounce, or the amount set by the liquor commission, whichever is lower.
7802	The "purification primaries" of the 1990s and 2000s replaced pragmatism with partisanship as the principle value.
7803	The purpose of bail in criminal cases was made clear last month at the United States courthouse in Brooklyn.
7804	The purpose of Big Brothers Big Sisters is to provide youth with one-on-one mentoring and guide them to a brighter future.
7805	The purpose of the move is to allow people with disabilities to be able to attend Council Meetings.
7806	The push via social media is a way for the country to show support for Humboldt after the bus the Broncos team was traveling in collided with a semi-trailer on a highway in Saskatchewan Friday.
7807	The quarter for the prior year was hurt by charges for restructuring.
7808	The query is also, why should Egypt be undertaking this on broad day light against innocent and peace loving people of the Horn and against sovereign state of Ethiopia?
7809	The questions from the floor reflected the quality of the attendees and their feedback was positive.”
7810	The racist can even come to believe that their racism is beneficial to the victim, a kind of custodianship or paternalism.
7811	“The radicalisation of the conflict in the Gaza Strip is a double battle cry from Hamas: against Israel, but also against the Palestinian National Authority and its president Mahmoud Abbas.
7812	The raises will go into next year, after November’s election.
7813	The Ramallah-based PA it has no control over the goings on in Gaza, which was overtaken by Hamas in a bloody coup in 2007.
7814	The rapid growth of these questionable institutions gets pawned off as a double-good.
7815	The rapper and the producer resolved their beef once and for all at this year's Coachella, when YG made a guest appearance during Mustard's DJ set.
7816	The rates can increase depending on the budget needs of the city.
7817	The rate will be $2.70 per $1,000 of assessed valuation, an 81-cent increase.
7818	The RBA, under section 44 of the Banking Act 1959, will publish the price at which individuals or entities are to be compensated for the gold bullion that is confiscated by the Federal Government.
7819	The reaction wasn’t all that surprising, although it was still alarming.
7820	The reality is that our Canadian (oil and gas) producers are receiving a lower price.
7821	The real problem is that service in the retail industry has become impersonal, it's take it or leave it, this is what is on offer and I think people are looking for a more personalised product and a more personalised experience.
7822	There are a hundred types of prison cells.
7823	"There are all kinds of options, all kinds of ways that we can work together so this is really just a first step to see if we share some of the same principles in how we move forward."
7824	“There are a lot of guys running around in the SANFL at the moment that are playing terrific footy and we need that as a footy club, to put pressure on the guys who are playing seniors.”
7825	There are also 17 guest rooms available at this inn, many with four-poster beds.
7826	There are also entertainment services including a swimming pool, and fishing and boating on the river.
7827	There are currently 40 security cameras in 31 locations in downtown Reykjavík.
7828	There are fewer villages, and it’s here that the convoy sought to disappear.
7829	There are many methods to note-taking in class, and often different learning styles can affect how students take notes.
7830	There are many resources available today.
7831	"There are many tourists, especially foreign tourists, who prefer to walk in the cities they visit, but unlike in other cities most of them avoid walking in Vadodara," says Hitesh Desai, who played host to some French tourists.
7832	There are, Mr. Browder says, only three ways it can end: “One, he’s killed in office.
7833	There are nine seats on the Bristol Planning Commission, each with a three-year term. Two of the members whose terms are up have expressed an interest in continuing, according to Bryant: Stan Livingston and Jim Peabody.
7834	There are no plans to hold a public hearing on the draft environmental assessment, he said.
7835	There are not many activities that reflect the spontaneity of college life better than learning an obscure sport.
7836	There are now thought to be more than 1,000 ‘county lines’ operating across the country, with towns such as Scarborough, Bridlington and Harrogate targeted.
7837	There are only 300 kilometres between the two countries at the narrowest part of the Davis Strait.
7838	"There are questions that I have in my mind that I can't answer right now," Driggers said.
7839	There are so many on the list.
7840	“There are so many racial ties to agriculture that we tend to glance over,” said Kendall Jefferys, a freshman and a member of Food for Thought.
7841	“There are so many stories in there,” said Jardine, climate station manager.
7842	"There are still some, but more projects will be done by private companies, or by state-run companies as part of their profit-making process."
7843	There are still some spaces for more rafts but it is filling up quickly.
7844	There are structural, institutional and historical factors,” says Erica Nelson, the Wisconsin Council on Children and Families’ Race to Equity project director.
7845	There are suckers, but then there are Supersuckers.
7846	“There are technical issues, but they are being politicized – I do not know why – in some media outlets.
7847	“There are times when I’m in the middle of the street and it would not be convenient for me to take a photo, but something in me is like, ‘You need to take a photo.’
7848	There are tons of houses and condos for rent throughout and every other community along the constantly developing seaside road.
7849	There are two televised debates this week.
7850	There are very few topics relating to public education that generate as strong a response as PERS reform.
7851	“The reason it’s important for us to be there is so we can witness the way they vote,” said HHRT member Sandy Friday.
7852	The reason she helps is to make the day special for those who attend.
7853	The reason that interest rates are so high in Zimbabwe for bank loans and in the mid-term monetary market is because creditors and bidders want an interest rate that protects them from the ravages of inflation.
7854	The reason we alternate lanes in bowling is similar to the same reason basketball teams switch goals at halftime and football teams switch end zones at the end of each quarter.
7855	There, before the hospice movement developed, she championed home health care for people who were seriously ill or dying.
7856	The recent Belleville East graduate confirmed Saturday that he has joined a crop of highly-rated recruits at the University of Missouri.
7857	The recent government battle over wages has exposed a divide within Michel Aoun’s Free Patriotic Movement between those who represent entrenched.
7858	The recent rash of anti-Semitic incidents in upstate New York reminds me of my own terrifying experience.
7859	The recreated panel of clergymen, seeking to discredit her threat to English rule, are forensically challenged over their crooked questions and accusations of heresy.
7860	The REDCAT stage hosts some of the world's most intriguing, envelope-pushing, avant-garde theater, fim, music and performance art.
7861	There does exist more availablility of places the place people would love to travel with their loved ones and relations in your year.
7862	The reduction is real - debt service in 1998 was $533 million.
7863	Therefore, challenges are bound to rise.
7864	Therefore, Sipes is not needed on the council.
7865	The refuge is on the Pacific coast of the Nicoya Peninsula just north of Nosara.
7866	“The regeneration strategy will focus on short, medium and long-term responses to adapt to both seismic risks and the effects of climate change and sea-level rise, alongside the social and economic needs of these communities.”
7867	The region has seen an increase in the number of recorded weather and climate hazards and resultant impacts on biophysical and human systems.
7868	The regular session may be over, but there’s no rest for the weary.
7869	The Regulation of Care Bill will introduce a comprehensive, robust and proportionate regulatory system.
7870	The regulations impose obligations on online content providers to ensure that online content is safe, secure and does not contravene the provisions of any written law.
7871	The regulator has also tightened restrictions on the operation of bureaux de change to limit demand for hard currencies.
7872	The regulators must be put in place fast to affect an even keel for smooth sailing.
7873	There had been a last-ditch effort to end a strike with a bakers union but Hostess lawyers said they needed to begin the liquidation process quickly to take advantage of a surge in outside interest in its brands.
7874	There has been a drastic drop in those crossing to Italian shores, with 13,430 people arriving this year.
7875	There has been not one cent paid by this government to Lanny Davis.
7876	There has never been an "allotted time" for a Trustee meeting, not has there ever been a time constraint on those wanting to exercise their right to be heard at these meetings.
7877	There have been horse deaths in iconic jumps races, annual protests and the loss of sponsors.
7878	There have been no fundamental new discoveries in science since I was a child.
7879	“There have been some critics who say that this could cost us our majority,” Rep. Jeff Denham, R-Calif., a leader of the signature drive, said in a recent interview.
7880	There he offered his service to his own country.
7881	There, I found his family of eight living in a rundown house with one little room and a small hall.
7882	"There is a big difference in the quality of information you get from ECoG compared to EEG.
7883	There is a book for every taste and opinion.
7884	There is a disturbing report coming out from the north where a fourteen year old girl claims that she was gang raped.
7885	There is a game called monopoly, which is monopolised by the dada ma and mama ma.
7886	There is a lot of talk about violence at school.
7887	There is ample evidence that most political forces in the country were ready to at least postpone these elections.
7888	There is an assortment of techniques available in making the processes cost effective.
7889	There is a new push in anti-abortion circles to pass state laws aimed at barring women from terminating their pregnancies after the fetus has been determined to have Down syndrome.
7890	There is a picture of one of the fishermen with a 23in. trout.
7891	"There is a possibility," he stressed.
7892	There is a smattering of new mutants who join Deadpool's hastily constructed "team" after his failed attempt to impress the X-Men gang, which perhaps leads to one of the film's most amusing scenes.
7893	There is certainly the possibility that we make a less than ideal choice in order to avoid what would be a worse choice, but we are never morally permitted to choose something we know is evil.
7894	There is every reason to be that the improvements will be significantly greater.
7895	“There is healing in the trees for tired minds and for our overburdened spirits, there is strength in the hills, if only we will lift our eyes.
7896	There is little or no regard for those behind them.
7897	“There is no absolute for what the subject matter will be at the very beginning of the sessions,” Shemel noted.
7898	There is no bravery there, unless one conjures up the picture of that delusional old man that has dreams of suckling his mother’s breast.
7899	There is no connection between the Ambatenne attack and the death of the Sinhala driver in Digana.
7900	There is no electricity in the hardest hit areas of Los Lotes and El Rodeo, so most searching continued only until sunset.
7901	There is no place for (a) mediocre newspaper.”
7902	"There is no question at all that the boards of directors of the mutual funds have been inert," he said.
7903	There is no shortage of gloom in June Lake.
7904	There is ongoing monitoring to ensure compliance.
7905	There is so much hype going on about the Samsung Galaxy S III.
7906	There is still poverty in pockets of rural and urban areas but in general people are better off and have more choices.
7907	There is substantial evidence showing a link between prenatal cannabis exposure – when a pregnant woman uses marijuana – and lower birth weight.
7908	There is usually none of the tension associated with the judged events at the Victoria Park and humour and interaction with the audience are key components of most tents.
7909	There is well likely a case for such a thing as climate change!
7910	The relationship they would have had is always on my mind at this time of year, as we approach what would have been their almost-joint birthday.
7911	The Reno Dance Company will perform the “The Nutcracker” in the Celebrity Showroom at the Nugget of Sparks Dec. 16, 17 and 22-24.
7912	The renumeration for the April-November period of last financial year that she served at NSE was 3-fold more than Rs 7.87 crore she had earned in the entire 2015-16.
7913	The repeal of “net neutrality” took effect six months after the Federal Communications Commission voted to undo the rules, which had barred broadband and.
7914	The report also fails to name Kay, referring to him only as ‘Mr W’.
7915	The report, completed on April 29, 2016, was prepared by Wiss Janney Elstner Associates (WJE), a structural and architectural engineering company, for SRG Partnership Inc., one of the contractors involved in the new stadium project.
7916	The Reporter would be “dispassionate, accurate and constructive in its approach” to the “make or break” issue of race.
7917	The report, released Tuesday, said traffic deaths fell 43 percent between 1966 and 2000 because of “the combined efforts of government and advocacy organizations.”
7918	The representative of the KLA veterans Association, Faton Klinaku, called on Speaker of the Assembly, Kadri Veseli, to schedule a session enabling MPs to vote abrogation of the disputed law.
7919	The request was made in late March as part of a so-called “gentleman’s agreement” between DPW and CLTC.
7920	There’s a chef and a server and that’s it.
7921	There's a diversity of.
7922	There's a lot of people in China, and they have discovered that coffee tastes good.
7923	There’s a lot of stress that comes with that – you can’t ever really take a day off!
7924	There’s a media deal, and the big winners in the last deal certainly were RTE,” he said.
7925	"There's another sewer program over in Kaneohe.
7926	There’s a trip to the Class 5A semifinals on the line Thursday (Feb. 23) as third-seeded Destrehan hosts No. 6 Ouachita Parish in quarterfinal action, with tipoff slated for 6 p.m.
7927	“There’s a way that things need to be worked through,” she said.
7928	The research also provides insight into how employers can tackle the stigma of taking time off from the workplace for mental health issues.
7929	There should be some reputable private firm, such as songregistration.com that we can use to register our song.
7930	The residents of Danday Darpakhel village said a large number of militants arrived in the village soon after the drone attack and took control of the area.
7931	There’s just no drying weather.”
7932	There's more to it than simply throwing more money at the highway itself.
7933	“There’s no insurance for $60bn.
7934	"There's no murder which is out of the investigation," he added.
7935	There’s not going to be a harder playing team.
7936	There’s nothing in my opinion more peaceful than the outdoors.
7937	There's only two that are undefeated right now, and it's pretty hard to go undefeated."
7938	There’s plenty of other voluntary roles, accolades and professional experience listed in his repertoire as well.
7939	"There's so many children that need homes and so many situations that are far more complicated.
7940	The restrictions above only apply to the extent permissible under applicable law.
7941	The result is a fatigue about the headlines — lately about politics — that has prompted some people to withdraw from the news, or curb their consumption of it.
7942	The result is one I’m pretty proud of, and weighing in at roughly 150 calories a pop, they make the perfect midday snack or after-dinner sweet treat.
7943	The results showed that Chipotle has been falling out of favor with consumers.
7944	"There's unnatural things that happen sometimes.
7945	The retreat at the Nevis hotel will take place from March 21-28.
7946	The retreat formed me into someone who wants to serve Christ more.
7947	The return of growth to international tourism in the last quarter of 2009 and the first results from January 2010 suggest that recuperation is under way.
7948	The Rev. Alanson Bigelow Houghton, who left his family’s business, Corning Glass, to become an Episcopal minister, died Sunday at his home on Pawleys Creek.
7949	The revelation came only after Members of the European Parliament had asked 7 different written questions to the Commission, all with different wording and approach.
7950	The reverse journey is required for those travelling from Aberdeen to the west side of the closure.
7951	The Rev. Lim Hyeon-soo, 60, a South Korean-born Canadian minister, was sentenced to hard labor for life by North Korea’s Supreme Court in December for “subversive plots” against North Korea and its leader, Kim Jong-un.
7952	The Rev. Wilkie C. Clock, pastor of the West Tulsa United Methodist Church, opened the first Goodwill office in the basement of the church, with Goodwill Industries of Tulsa being incorporated on August 3, 1927.
7953	There was a huge turnout Friday night, Aug. 17 for the 23rd annual Bedford Bash and 6th annual Car show.
7954	"There was all kinds of racial discrimination," McManus said.
7955	There was an illustration in the SJ today showing just how bad the deficits were in each state.
7956	There was a vehicle parked in the middle of the street.
7957	There was better news for Simon Yates, though, as he came home four seconds ahead of Dennis to move into the podium places in the general classification.
7958	There was no barbed-razor wire around the tops of the 18' by 18' chain-link cages, which are anchored to the pillars of a formerly unused warehouse.
7959	There was no challenge whatsoever over these issues.
7960	"There was no competition," says Rosenberg of the sweet baked-goods market at the time.
7961	There was no evidence of a crime and a report was completed.
7962	There was nothing swift about Wekesa's rise.
7963	There was some wisdom I'd be able to draw from other hard times, but I knew I'd have to chart a new path for how to cope.
7964	There were 4,053 adult arrests accounting for a total of 4,488 various criminal offenses.
7965	There were 567 press releases posted in the last 24 hours and 160,780 in the last 365 days.
7966	There were a couple of hiccups (an interception and a fumbled shotgun snap, both with the backups), but you can't expect him to be flawless.
7967	There were also speakers from the Department of Social Development, The Legal Aid Board, Newcastle SAPS and the Newcastle Traffic Department who informed the audience about the procedures to follow when dealing with a person with Alzheimer’s.
7968	There were a series of games and competitions that had the crowd fully entertained.
7969	There were no injuries reported as a result of the fire.
7970	There were only a couple of places to eat, and one of them was in a furniture store.
7971	“There were plays all over the place that we didn’t do good enough.
7972	There were poorly lit Instagram snaps!
7973	There were talks at the meeting of what amount would be supported by the community.
7974	There were, the panel added, three additional revenue streams earned by CPS/NET1 in relation to Sassa beneficiaries.
7975	“There were times in Double-A and Single-A where he had too many peaks and valleys and they were enormous.
7976	There will also be a big surge in the self-esteem of thousands of individuals and their families.
7977	There will also be a series of instructional clinics and workshops for players, plus seminars and colloquia for builders, by separate admission.
7978	There will also be a tribute dedicated to Justin McCowan, a long-time friend and L.A. GOAL member, who passed away on Sept. 20, 2014, at the age of 40. McCowan’s artwork will be displayed at the exhibition as well.
7979	There will always be some in Alberta who are reluctant to try locally crafted beer, and that’s not a bad thing.
7980	There will be a pet psychic, nail trimming and pet massage offering their services for a donation.
7981	There will be discussion about flower families, and both traditional and alternative uses for flowers.
7982	There will be lots of traditional food such as such as hudut and bundiga for sale.
7983	There will be many opportunities for citizen engagement.
7984	There will be no rules.
7985	“There will be subjects on which the (US) president is not totally in sync with the others — I’m thinking of course of climate change and trade,” the French leader said.
7986	There will not be a negative impact on your metabolism.
7987	"There you go," he said.
7988	The RGA said unemployment went from 8.1 percent in April of 2004 when Barrett took office to 10.2 percent in January of this year.
7989	The ribbon-cutting ceremony will be at 11:30 a.m.
7990	The rice was sold at the various extension offices of the Ministry of Agriculture, Water and Forestry nationwide at different prices.
7991	The Richmond Post Office and the Richmond Public Library say they quit receiving stacks of tax forms to provide to the public a few years ago.
7992	The right answer never emerged, because Evans managed to finish plays from all over the floor while establishing himself as the team's top source of offensive production in Mike Conley's lengthy absence.
7993	The right back who has started for Uruguay is 25-year-old Varela who used to play for United.
7994	The right-hander hit four fours and a six off 48 balls.
7995	The Risdon Brook Radio Yacht Club (RBRYC) recently commenced conducting events at Montrose Bay and will be among those making use of the jetty upon completion of the repairs.
7996	The risk is too great for Pawtucket.
7997	The road has been closed as fire engines from tend to the blaze, which was first reported at 2.47pm this afternoon (April 10).
7998	The roads here are not built for rain dispersal, and the wadis and other low-lying land are not safe.
7999	The road will stay open during the day because there is no simple detour around Marquette Park.
8000	The room becomes the microcosm of the bully spewing hate into the air.
8001	The roots of human rights are to be found in the dignity that belongs to each human being.
8002	The ruling party puts its main thrust as valuing tradition, equitable distribution of the national cake, economic freedom and economic empowerment.
8003	The ruse did not work as the car caught a tire on a pallet and came to a stop.
8004	The Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has voiced serious concern over the U.S. and NATO’s denial of the Daesh presence in Afghanistan.
8005	The Russians are seeking a “warm-water naval port” in Syria, and intelligence shows they have the “intention” to remain in the country, Pompeo, a former Republican congressman, said Thursday in a speech at the Aspen Security Forum in Colorado.
8006	The rustling of the leaves on the trees when there’s a breeze.
8007	The Rutgers softball team's losing streak extended to eight straight games with consecutive losses during a doubleheader on Tuesday night in College Park, against Maryland.
8008	The Rutgers women’s golf team rolls right into the Sunflower Invitational on September 17-19 at Kansas State.
8009	The sale will be launched by Hon. Minister Gregory Bowen, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Utilities.
8010	The same recent poll said 59 percent of those surveyed said the country in general is headed the wrong direction.
8011	The sanctuary protects, on paper at least, shorebird species, many of which are constantly on the move.
8012	The San Pedro House of Culture hosted “Dia de la Cruz” on Wednesday, May 3, 2017.
8013	The San Pedro Sun is proud to announce the promotion of long-time employee Ms. Mary Gonzalez to the position of Associate Editor.
8014	The scams have the most disastrous effects on the victims themselves, but ripples have washed up on the peripheries of Lesch’s life.
8015	The Scandinavian wolf population's “Adam and Eve” wandered into Sweden in the early 1980s, after the species had been extinct in both Norway and Sweden for roughly two decades.
8016	The scene he captures is lush verging on apocalyptic.
8017	The Schindlers state that Michael never claimed Terri would not want to live- until after winning a $2 million malpractice settlement.
8018	The scholarships, ranging from $250 to $5,000, mostly involve essay contests that ask students to write about the dangers of tobacco or whether vaping could be a safer alternative.
8019	The school offers a 7 year BS/MD degree in affiliation with the Drexel Medical School.
8020	The school which was one of the schools under trees was initially provided with three unit block by the assembly to mitigate the sufferings of the students and their teachers.
8021	The science methods cited by the state, however, have raised the eyebrows of a couple of aquaculture researchers.
8022	The score remained 8-1 until Kutteroff earned a single in the sixth inning, allowing Blass to score.
8023	The Scott administration announced …
8024	‘The Scottish Government’s Climate Change (Emissions Reduction Targets) Bill set out ambitious new targets which will challenge both individuals and industry.
8025	The Screamers quickly responded with a single run in their half of the inning.
8026	“These actions represent a terrible breach of the peace and harmony we seek to instill as a welcoming, tolerant, and safe community,” Arlington Public Schools Superintendent Kathleen Bodie said in a statement.
8027	The seals have become quite the attraction for tourists and photos of and comments about the breakwater seals regularly pop up on various social media platforms.
8028	The search was launched for 74-year-old Violet after she failed to return to her Lochgair home after last being seen walking in the village beside the A83 on the afternoon of March 19.
8029	These are all common, everyday experiences, but to Martha's perceptive eye, they take on a spiritual glow.
8030	These are largely all-male affairs; they're not called the Bra Persons, after all.
8031	These are principles that resonate strongly in Pacific island countries and correspond to principles enshrined in our Pacific Plan for Strengthening Regional Cooperation and Integration, otherwise known as the Pacific Plan.
8032	These are the Latin American countries that will participate in the largest naval warfare exercise Forgot your password?
8033	These are the true costs of Kilgarrif.
8034	The seasonally adjusted net percentage of owners planning to add jobs in the next three months dipped 1 point from November to 6 percent.
8035	The season is not yet over for promising Norwich City youngster Adam Idah, as the striker begins gaining international tournament experience tomorrow.
8036	These assets include poles, wires, switching equipment, transformers, support structures and other related equipment.
8037	“These can be caused by a number of things, like different rates of wear in the metal, previous repairs.
8038	The second battle was fiercer, against that implacable enemy, cancer.
8039	The second exhibition of the Italian style in eyewear will take place at the Central Military Club.
8040	The second game to finish 3-3 saw Sandy Reserves switch their game with Caldecote A to Harvey Close due to Bedford Road being unplayable.
8041	The second is that Hollywood hasn't been serving a great big chunk of this country for a long time.
8042	The second leg of the two-game aggregate series is Sunday in Portland.
8043	The second period would produce no goals but the Wolverines had several chances out shooting the MOB 9-3 in the frame and 25-21 overall.
8044	The second thing would be growth through acquisitions.
8045	These credits may be counted towards the Montana Licensed Addiction Counselor Credential.
8046	The secretary said he would wait for a final quality audit report by international certification body TÜV Rheinland before determining whether the government would put the trains to use.
8047	These Danes, have brought with them a culture of organic coffee beans, gourmet fine-dining and cafés that unite socialite seniors, book-lovers and vegans.
8048	These days, it seems like everyone has a Google Home or Amazon Echo installed in their home.
8049	These days, some big heads bow in South Korea.
8050	These elements are completely outside the framework of negotiating chapters.
8051	These features and others, ranging from an interactive mural to 3.5 acres of garden, green space and playground, all aim to provide solace and entertainment for pediatric patients and siblings who have to pass long, difficult days at the medical facility.
8052	"These figures remain preliminary and are almost certain to rise at least through Monday as more employees are notified," the blog states.
8053	These films also block more than 50 percent of the heat and cut out annoying glare.”
8054	These findings of the founder of the modern Abkhazian state are relevant at the moment.
8055	The segment will be helped by new launches, but the compact SUV (codenamed S201) may not be a game changer because it is already a crowded segment, he added.
8056	These guys, I don't know what they really wanted and they continue and continue - the man had a dead shot at me.
8057	These guys worked so hard and the type of performances they did was so demanding, yet they always kept this atmosphere of playfulness and of what Frank called “joyous competition,” and from that, produced such legendary work.
8058	These include coastal flooding due to natural disasters and storm surges.
8059	These include issues of a technical nature, as well as fundamental questions over control and freedoms in financial markets.
8060	These include paralysis, problems with thinking, problems with speaking, and emotional problems.
8061	These industries are capitalintensive, that is, they produce relatively few jobs for the capital invested, and they are highly dependent on sometimes volatile international commodity prices.
8062	These meetings about so-called net neutrality regulations are taking place in Washington, D.C., but their ramifications will be felt across the Commonwealth if the FCC is successful in putting onerous new rules on the Internet.
8063	The semifinalists and finalists in all events were recognized at the awards ceremony.
8064	The Senate on Tuesday adopted various resolutions to prevent an outbreak of ebola virus in Nigeria.
8065	The senator, demonstrating his sense of humor, noted the irony of having a bank located at Crooks Corner: "Hopefully people will put money in, not take it out."
8066	These new endowed chairs will enhance our ability to recruit and retain faculty members with remarkable scholarship—those who lead us to transformational discoveries, those who teach our students to lead.”
8067	The senior also rounded out the 2018 campaign with two home runs and 12 RBIs.
8068	The sense of pleasure of its use spread like wild fire among the youths and adults of that generation.
8069	The separation payments shown in the memorandum are yet to be received by the outgoing staff, however.
8070	These people, most of whom were illegals, were never checked against E-Verify and Williams Sonoma got away with paying no employees taxes as they are supposed to.
8071	These procedures do not permit the arbitrary use of restrooms and locker rooms, which was one of the misconceptions out there.
8072	These programs help almost 650,000 Minnesotans meet basic needs every month.
8073	These recipes are from my old cookbook that no longer has back or front covers.
8074	The series goes into hibernation after June 26’s “1776,” then picks back up on Sept. 11. All seats are $8, all screenings begin at 11 a.m., at Film Forum (209 W. Houston St.; filmforum.
8075	The series is sanctioned by Swim South Africa and swimmers can obtain qualifying times for the South African Open Water Swim Champs that will be held in Jeffreys Bay in March.
8076	These rules, or “standards,” effectively bar non-Zionist and anti-Zionist perspectives from being aired at Hillel events.
8077	The service could help rebuild Facebook's popularity among younger consumers.
8078	These service branch policies allow merging of military children’s pre-existing “military dependent” medical records with their “military service” medical records.
8079	These snakes like deep grass and just about any place that is cool and shady.
8080	The Sesquicentennial did go out of its way to point out that Charleston’s economic and political power were attained on the backs of thousands and thousands of slaves.
8081	The session included Curriculum and Instruction Director Fred Hutchinson appearing dressed as the school’s mascot, “The Mountaineer.”
8082	These Terms of Service are void where prohibited by law, and the right to access CentreDaily.com is revoked in such jurisdictions.
8083	These toll free numbers are available 7 am to 10 p.m., 7 days a week.
8084	These two iconic brands, globally known for paying homage to their heritage and values, are".
8085	The Seven Botanicals gin, which won a silver medal in the San Francisco World Spirits Competition, is flavorful but not too "hot" (boozy-tasting in industry parlance).
8086	The seven suspects along with 6 of their 8 beggars were arrested mid – day on Monday at Mobolaji bank Anthony way after almost a week of monitoring by the Decoy Team of the unit.
8087	The sewer authority — no longer under city control — has filed a flurry of lawsuits to foreclose on homes like this one on Dixwell Avenue.
8088	The shad, the flowering trees that bloom in late April and early May, covering the hillsides with white blossoms, proclaiming their presence before retreating into the anonymity of wild green brush, are passing as well.
8089	The shark abruptly turned and came up right under the diver.
8090	The Sheboygan Police Department says they were called to the area near N. 14th St. and Wisconsin Ave. for a crash and vehicle fire.
8091	The Sheriff’s Department has confirmed that such was precisely what had been worked out in discussions among that office, the commissioner in the arraignment court, a deputy district attorney, and a Los Angeles Police Department liaison officer.
8092	The sheriff told Beaton, Finglen Crescent, Tullibody,: “You are a damaged hero of ours.
8093	The shooting was all but certain to re-ignite the national debate over gun regulations.
8094	The short concrete section of the Milton-Madison Bridge is shown at about 9:30 a.m. while workmen were still preparing for the slide on Thursday morning, March 13.
8095	The show is produced by Bunmi Davies!
8096	The show runs through June 30. Don’t miss it.
8097	The Siddaramaiah government has already hijacked it playing it to the Kannada sentiments.
8098	“The signing of the Comprehensive and Enhanced Partnership Agreement between Armenia and the European Union became one of the key achievements of this summit.
8099	The simulation can be found at, creating an account with the enrollment key: fordham718.
8100	The Singapore-based gaming and e-commerce company said its net loss during the three months ended in March was US$215.6 million (RM862.4 million), compared to US$73.1 million a year earlier.
8101	The singing hands of the keyboard…Santos….
8102	The single detached home in Vancouver is rapidly becoming a product for those who are moving up or trading up a few times.
8103	The situation changed dramatically when Steven accompanied his father as a guest of the USA State Department to a conference in Prague in 2009.
8104	The situation is volatile, as Mugabe has publicly stated that despite pressure from the army he intends to remain president of the country.
8105	The skills and knowledge he obtained has proven instrumental in bringing forth CSU’s master plan into reality.
8106	The small farm covered barely a hectare when it was set up in Porto Novo in 1985 but has since become a pilot project for the rest of the continent badly in need of new ideas to maximise yields.
8107	“The small groups help hold yourself accountable,” of continuing to live out the principles of Cursillo, she said.
8108	The smash was between four cars and a lorry, and all emergency services are at scene.
8109	The smoke at the top of the image is from the Antelope fire in Idaho.
8110	The soapbox is always a great event for the town and a huge fundraiser for the volunteer crew of Bundoran RNLI Lifeboat.
8111	The so-called "gray area" lies between an understanding of consent as an affirmative "yes" and the assumption that consent means not saying "no."
8112	The soldier said the kidnappers had opened fire first, but he did not see them kill any of the hostages.
8113	The soldiers also asked about the presence of the NPA in the area.
8114	The song talks about being shy, and consequently approaching a love interest by letter instead of in person.
8115	The sorrow I bring is a sight to behold.
8116	The source went on to say that Abbas remained adamant in adhering to Palestinian rights, including the right of return, which Kerry said was not applicable.
8117	The Southeast Asian country became the second sovereign to issue a dollar bond this year, swapping 14 old bonds for a new 25-year note.
8118	The South Korean government has also emphasized promoting K-pop around the world in its cultural policies.
8119	The space between these yellow lines, known as a turn lane, is not for driving in. It is only for slowing down and stopping to make a left turn.
8120	The spa is open from 9am to 11pm.
8121	The Spartans added three runs in the fourth to go up, 6-1.
8122	The Special Investigating Unit (SIU) is already investigating tender irregularities involving Limpopo's Giyani Emergency Project, which has seen a budget of R502-million explode to over R3-billion due to dodgy contracts.
8123	The Special Program for the Arts also makes use of these computers for video and photograph editing as well as the Journalism classes who use them for their articles and pictures.
8124	The speech of Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan at the RPA Council meeting was a cold shower for the political field and everyone is now asking: what will happen next?
8125	The Spring Lake boys and girls lacrosse programs kicked off their playoff journeys in tandem Friday night as the girls hosted Northview for their pre-regional matchup, followed by the boys taking on Petoskey in the regional opening round.
8126	The squad members not involved in the Welsh match will stay behind in Johannesburg to continue with their preparations for the coming international season.
8127	The Sri Lanka team is pretty good.
8128	The SSD has seen many changes and improvements during its relatively short history.
8129	The staff shared their opinions about Scribendi having its funding cut.
8130	The staff was great, the rooms were nice and the resort was so big and clean.”
8131	The staff were happy and attentive but never invasive and it was another nice surprise when the bill came to £51.
8132	The stakeholder report documented 845 cases of extrajudicial killings and about 48 cases of victims being tortured to death from May 2013 until September 2017.
8133	The Stark County Medical Society and Auxiliary hosted a fundraiser in January called “Mission Possible.”
8134	The startled way the judges react to the opening of an unoiled door by an attendant or the scrape of a bench by a spectator, gives them away.
8135	The state has requested that the assessments begin the week of June 11.
8136	The statement concluded, "We send our support and gratitude to Al and his family this Thanksgiving and holiday season."
8137	The statement dismissed recent media reports saying the Commission has dumped the MYTO methodology describing it as inaccurate.
8138	The statements were: the U.S. is the fifth largest Spanish-speaking nation in the world; “U.
8139	The state of the nation, the state of the world, Donald Trump, Pope Francis, the job market, the stock market and our families.
8140	The status of a criminal investigation at the Immigration Department remains somewhat in limbo following an order of Mandamus against Commissioner of Police Allen Whylie.
8141	The status of the Northern Powerhouse, and the role of its minister, would be greatly enhanced were the position to be elevated to a cabinet seat.
8142	The steakhouse phenomenon started in the USA and has spread around the world over the last decade or so.
8143	The Steamer Edith H., owned by the Grantsville Mill Co., sunk in the local harbor Saturday morning.
8144	The stock of Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) earned “Hold” rating by Canaccord Genuity on Thursday, July 6. The company was maintained on Wednesday, June 14 by Cowen & Co.
8145	The stock was sold at an average price of $22.58, for a total transaction of $67,740.00.
8146	The stock was sold at an average price of $59.93, for a total value of $701,181.00.
8147	The Stonelick Township Board of Trustees will be accepting sealed bids for providing the materials, equipment and labor to remove and replace the existing steel culvert pipes of various sizes, lengths and configurations.
8148	The storefront is set to open on April 16 under the name Chicago’s Best Repair—Powered by Shoe Drop.
8149	The store sits amid a maze of interconnected buildings behind Triangle Park, behind the Clinton County Women’s Center, and behind Covenant United Methodist Church and next to a narrow Willards Alley.
8150	The storm that destroyed properties in Doma LGA in Nasarawa state recently was a result this change.
8151	The story behind Frozen Dead Guy Days is not only interesting, but for some, hard to believe.
8152	The story goes that Lady Godiva grew increasingly concered about the taxes placed on the citizens.
8153	The storyteller himself or herself becomes part of our memory of a tale; one’s expression and intonation can take a story from being mediocre to unforgettable.
8154	The Strathisla Showhome is open Thu-Mon: 11am- 5pm.
8155	The Strong Egypt Party was left in disarray this week after two leading members were detained following accusations they had plotted with members of the banned Muslim Brotherhood to destablise Egypt in the run-up to next month’s presidential election.
8156	The struggle to move them continues but there is progress being made.
8157	“The students always love it when they visit — it’s a very popular event at school every year,” she said.
8158	"The students didn't have much at all," said Lauren Smith, spirit president.
8159	The students lined before 1 p.m. outside the Moot Court Room to gain the best possible seat for the 2:15 p.m. event.
8160	“The students now have a greater understanding of elected officials, policies, rules, regulations and laws.”
8161	The students of Belle Plaine High School crowned new Homecoming Royalty in October of 2012.
8162	The students, teachers, and parents deserve to feel safe while attending classes and functions at Bullard ISD.
8163	The Student Support Team Association for Georgia Educators (SSTAGE) recently awarded the Lincoln County School System the 2011 SSTAGE Star Award for Promising Practices – Best School System.
8164	The study, "Community-Based Health and Exposure Study Around Urban Oil Developments in South Los Angeles," examines oil development in South Los Angeles through self-reported community health surveys.
8165	The study compiled opinions from staff and students on their experiences with diversity and asked for their recommendations on how to make RRC a better diverse workplace.
8166	The study will focus on populations like millennials, boomers and others that emerge from the data to learn about their needs and desires for Jewish life.
8167	The subject was not located.
8168	The subvention that is being given to the University of Belize has also gone up exponentially.
8169	The successful application to decriminalise dagga was driven by Dagga Party leader Jeremy Acton and Rastafarian Garreth Prince who argued on December 13 and 14 last year for the decriminalisation of the herb.
8170	The summary of a letter that Rojas wrote to Karla González, minister of Obras Públicas y Transportes, came to reporters from the Judicial Investigating Organization that Rojas heads.
8171	The Summit, being held under the theme, “Investing in the Next Generation,” has been dismissed by analysts as Africa’s betrayal of Palestinians in the Gaza Strip.
8172	The SunErgy boss told The Post that, besides providing electricity, the company is participating in entrepreneurship, farming and community development in villages where the company is active.
8173	The sun has gone down in the Queen City, and the smell of cigarette smoke and the cries of small children fill the hallways of a Lake Avenue apartment building.
8174	The Superior Deluxe rooms are fitted with jacuzzis or jetted tubs while the Premium Deluxe room come with a plunge pool and private deck.
8175	The superstar took to his Twitter and shared a picture of himself flying a kite on the sets of his film 'Zero', helmed by Aanand L. Rai.
8176	The Supreme Court then banned the sale of firecrackers, but relaxed the restrictions on September 12 this year after a plea from fireworks manufacturers.
8177	The survey found that 68 percent of companies operating in Vietnam want to expand their businesses in the future, so they have high recruitment demands.
8178	The survey makes no attempt to evaluate products, services, equipment, hardware, software or other exercise machines that might appear in clubs or recreation centres.
8179	The survival and success of the PCs as an opposition party may entirely depend on which Tory MLA’s are elected on April 23.
8180	The Swede football team took a 45-14 homecoming loss to the Kearney Catholic Stars last Friday night, with a net result of Gothenburg falling to 5-3 overall (2-1) in District 7 standings.
8181	"The Syrian army is still very powerful and it is still very strong," Ford said.
8182	The talks are aimed at laying the groundwork for a legally binding agreement on emission reductions, to be finalized in a Paris 2015 meeting, which would be effective from the year 2020.
8183	The tanks must be cleaned and thoroughly disinfected at least once a week and upgraded as the turtle grows.
8184	The teachers involved with both the programs made a huge impact on me.
8185	The teachers selected to head the school are individuals who excel in both skateboarding and the arts, including professional skateboarders Hiroki Muraoka, a painter, and Shinichi Ito, who runs his own brand called SLD Skateboards.
8186	The Team always sells items at rock-bottom prices to help out people in the Rising Sun Community and still always comes away with a nice profit for Mission work.
8187	The team are all dressed in the same tailored lightblue jacket and white shirt and wearing brown leather shoes.
8188	The team ranked fourth in the FIVB 2014 World League, gaining the best title among the Asian teams which have participated in the 25-year-long history of the league.
8189	The team that scores the most goals by the end of the match wins.
8190	The team will have two scrimmages this weekend at Wimberley on Friday and Lake Travis on Saturday.
8191	The technology sector took a hit after Taiwan Semiconductor said although second-quarter profits rose sharply, it expects weaker demand in the third quarter.
8192	The teen-led Infant Mortality Public Awareness Campaign (IMPAC) supports this effort with funding from the BlueCross BlueShield of Tennessee Health Foundation.
8193	The teen’s parents and attorney have said Kadar has a benign brain tumor that affects his behavior, as well as a very low IQ.
8194	The Telegram logo is seen on a screen of a smartphone in this picture illustration taken April 13, 2018.
8195	The Tennessee Department of Safety only requires students to complete a driver's education course if they have been convicted of multiple moving violations while they are operating on their intermediate restricted license.
8196	The Tennessee Supreme Court last week declined to hear a Metro Nashville appeal of a lower court ruling granting a plaintiff access to police accident reports in a timely manner.
8197	The term ‘foreign exchange rate’ was reserved for the official rate.
8198	The terrorists, while organizing a series of terrorist activities were targeted and killed in relevant areas of Sangeen, Garashk districts and Lashkargah city the provincial capital of the province.
8199	The text of the report was read out by Haylur reporter Arthur Grigoryan.
8200	The theme for this year's competition was "Illinois' Bicentennial: 200 years of artistry."
8201	The themes presented at the previous all-candidates meetings, principally regarding openness and fiscal responsibility in the local government, were common again.
8202	The thesis centers on the notion that higher interest rates from the U.S. Federal Reserve and a stronger dollar will have ripple effects across emerging markets.
8203	“The thing in opera that I think is not appealing to people is that the action is very slow,” Gustavo Castro, Esquivel’s husband and a part-time UO opera coach, said.
8204	The third count alleges that felony theft through personal charges on the Chamber credit card were made by Fox on or about Jan.
8205	The Third Intifada has been predicted at least since the second one ended, but has it truly begun?
8206	The third member of the Brainstormers, Mark Graham, plays harmonica in a powerful but lyrical, blues-tinged style that recalls the feel of the finest banjo and fiddle playing.
8207	The threat to democratic rights is far-reaching and immediate.
8208	The three buildings with 14 to 20 floors have more than 700 apartments.
8209	The three cameras are expected to cost $5,400.
8210	The three cubs-of-the-year are still alive and had left the area by Sunday morning, according to the Montana FWP Prairie Bear Monitor page on Facebook.
8211	The three former employees were sentenced to prison terms of up to five years and ten months on January 30, 2015, but received a pardon from President of Mongolia Ts.
8212	The three returners “were key contributors last year,” said Sivertson, “they’re the ones I can count on, they know what they’re doing.”
8213	The three rice paper wrapped rolls were artistically presented with a green onion spear sticking out of one end.
8214	The three-storied house had ample food stocks: 500 kg corn flour and 25 kg preserved meat.
8215	"The three were injured because they fought the police," said Supt.
8216	The Tigers turned it into the second Locklin touchdown to go ahead 14-0.
8217	"The time for revolution is now."
8218	The Times Online reported on 12 January that more than 50 Palestinians were admitted to Nasser Hospital in Khan Younis after suffering burns from what the hospital director referred to as a “massive case of exposure” to white phosphorus.
8219	The tiny 63-year-old Cree wo- man, who lived on Rabbit Hill overlooking Slave Lake, shot the biggest grizzly bear in North America.
8220	The toddler skipped and slid down a hill, a broad grin on her face as she held on to her pink-framed sunglasses.
8221	The top five areas of complainant activity were retail, banking and finance, biotechnology and pharmaceuticals, Internet and information technology, and fashion.
8222	The topic came up as part of his live-streamed Q&A session on Monday.
8223	The top two voter-getters remain the same.
8224	The tournament, hosted by Team Dida Boxing Promotion in association with Vision View Production, was held at a packed Kagiso Memorial and Recreation Centre.
8225	The tournament is also open for all gamers – professionals or amateurs who would like to showcase their talent.
8226	The town is twinned with the French town of Neufchâtel-en-Bray.
8227	The traditional way of cooking using firewood and charcoal may now have to be altered by those embracing upcoming innovative technologies.
8228	The tragedy is that we do not have great leaders in authority in New Delhi today to meet this challenge with courage, judgement, vision and integrity.
8229	The trailer packs so many explosions, stunning recreations of weapons and armor from the game, breat.
8230	The train also made unscheduled stops to pick up blueberries and rabbit pelts for market in the city from local people living along the line.
8231	The training also is to be tailored to the specific countries in which volunteers serve.
8232	The training and the sport aims to provide some structure and teach commitment to the often marginalized kids.
8233	The training was conducted by Mobility Engineering, who have been contracted by Roads and Maritime Service to oversee the Authorised Child Restraint Fitting Station network in NSW for the past 20 years.
8234	The Trajtenberg committee is misleading the public.
8235	The transport ministry has closed all but two lanes of the Autopista General Cañas at the Río Virilla bridge to allow work on repair to continue.
8236	The transport sector should also report their income and pay taxes to Government.
8237	The Treloars, who live adjacent to a blue gum plantation on property owned by the ARTC, say that if the plantation caught fire, their house and property would be difficult to save.
8238	The trench that was dug in the excavation is as deep as 5 feet in some areas.
8239	The tribe is known throughout the valleyfor it’s giving spirit, financially contributing to organizations that provide much-needed services to many.
8240	The trick to the energy-efficiency and benefit of the electric bike is the rechargeable battery that powers the electric motor, which relieves pedaling and represent the bike’s optimum speed and variety.
8241	The troubles can be traced back to last year's data security breaches, where millions of Social Security numbers ended up in the hands of identity thieves.
8242	The trout has begun to be exported to the United States.
8243	The tubers need to be dried and then stored in vermiculite in a cool and well-ventilated place.
8244	The Tuesday edition of Athens dailies at a glance.
8245	The Tunisian government has said it will need about 7 billion dinars $4.3 billion) of loans and aid next year as it proceeds with a costly plan to compensate former political prisoners freed by the 2011 revolution.
8246	The turbines sit at a maximum water depth of 26 metres.
8247	The turnout and response to the official opening of the new Capreol arena was called just fantastic by one of the local Lions who helped organize the day-long event.
8248	The two Border Patrol helicopters spent a total of four hours on the rescue mission and then returned to their base in Texas.
8249	The two Congressmen want FATCA repealed.
8250	The two-day OSCE Summit commenced in Astana on December 1. A final declaration will be adopted during the Summit.
8251	The two hotels are included in the State Department’s most recent travel advisory for Cuba.
8252	The two leading Asian actors in "Haw.
8253	The two must agree that it is appropriate to carry out the termination of pregnancy in order to avert that risk.
8254	The two of you wave, and then the woman returns to her business.
8255	The two sides pledged to make Mozambique a leading partner of Vietnam in South Sahara and Vietnam a bridge for Mozambique to reach Southeast Asia.
8256	The two sides shall conclude an agreement on prevention of incidents at sea in order to ensure safety of navigation by naval vessels, and aircraft belonging to the two sides.
8257	The two sweethearts made it clear that their relationship had not been dogged by unfaithfulness at all.
8258	The two towns have more than 100 hotels and resorts, including the Melia Azul Ixtapa All Inclusive Beach Resort & Convention Center, with 400 ocean view rooms and suites, and 7 flexible halls and 8 meeting rooms that hold up to 2,400 people.
8259	The typhoon, which made landfall on December 17, resulted in a series of flash floods and is believed to have killed over 500 people and has left hundreds missing.
8260	The UCC branch is the first in Ireland.
8261	The UK firm has had a stranglehold on the business except for the period between 1966 and 1985 when notes were printed by UK firm Bradbury Wilkinson, later acquired by De La Rue.
8262	The UMBRAGE documents do mention looking at source code, but these reference widely available source code for popular tools, not source code unique to, say, Russian Federation hackers.
8263	The UN chief said as the US and North Korea meet, ups and downs, moments of disagreement and tough negotiations will be inevitable.
8264	The uncovers the horrible truth.
8265	The United Nations system must create a specific agency to channel funds quickly and without red tape to young people for initiatives that are designed and managed by youth.
8266	The United Nations, the United States and the OAS say they support holding the final round this month so a transfer of power can take place by a Feb. 7 constitutional deadline.
8267	The United States doesn’t preview its sanctions, but recommends to keep an eye on what will be coming forward in the coming weeks and months with regard to the United States and Russia, US State Department spokesman Heather Nauert said.
8268	“The United States must adopt a carbon monoxide control policy,” Deutch said.
8269	The University has sent teams to several universities to identify the best working models and has plans to hire a director for the "One-Stop Shop."
8270	The University of West Alabama has announced more than 500 outstanding undergraduate students named to the President’s List and the Dean’s List for the Spring 2018 academic semester.
8271	The university released a series of images online showing what the $144 million redevelopment of the engineering precinct will look like.
8272	The unlikely allies were the Idaho timber guys, which ended up angering some people in the environmental community who felt betrayed.
8273	The U.N. mission for Somalia did not respond immediately to a request for comment.
8274	The unprecedented decision was unanimously welcomed by an overwhelming majority of the lawmakers.
8275	The upheavals of the twentieth century made significant demands on their stoicism, and probably reinforced it.
8276	The US Congress has no isle and only one absolutely corrupt political party, the War Party.
8277	The U.S. Defense will visit a number Of aggression coalition countries against Yemen, led by kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
8278	The U.S. Embassy Military Liaison Office in Belmopan and Joint Task Force-Bravo partnered with Belizean military forces in a successful marijuana eradication operation in Belize from Sept. 25-28, 2013.
8279	The use of the Internet is something the Church must not set aside.
8280	The US giant is also to set up a 'Technology Deployment Centre' in Luleå Science Park.
8281	The U.S. has just recently lined up long-term oil deals with 12 companies around the world in a hastened effort to gain revenue to pay for reconstruction.
8282	The U.S. has recently agreed to sell Guardion drones to India for maritime surveillance.
8283	The US is no different and “appetite” for property is at very low levels where, once again, anecdotal evidence is of initial yields of around 10% for prime properties in large centres.
8284	The US military has offered a series of shifting explanations for the bombing raid, from initially talking about “collateral damage” to now admitting, as Obama did in his call to MSF chief Joanne Liu, that the strike was a mistake.
8285	“The U.S. triggering the visa restrictions is the U.S. responding, ‘either accept the MoU or we’ll impose restrictions,’” he said.
8286	The usual crowd of the drunk and the drunker paraded through, as they are wont to do during Sayles dances, and they made me a little uncomfortable, as they are also wont to do what with their inhibited ability to order and to locate their Onecards.
8287	The Uzbek side presented tourism potential of Uzbekistan and activities of Uzbekistan Havo Yollari (Uzbekistan Airways).
8288	The Valley Industry and Commerce Association breaking up the LAUSD into fifteen smaller districts.
8289	The varied menu often breaks with Mexican tradition, but likely offers up enough options in ambiance and culinary range to satisfy most sun-soaked aspirations.
8290	“The variety of natural and earthy colours coupled with durability to withstand the harsh coastal environment mitigated future maintenance,” he added.
8291	The various incomplete road-digging works that had commenced just before the monsoon can also be attributed as reasons for the water logging.
8292	The vast majority of Americans probably don't even know about these attacks.
8293	The vehicle was not running but was occupied by a male who was in the driver’s seat.
8294	The venerable 194-room hotel located in the busy Great Valley Route 29 corridor in Chester County has officially launched its affiliation as the Desmond Hotel Malvern, a DoubleTree by Hilton.
8295	The Venezuelan minister said the decision to take over the bank was made to calm anxious clients, who made massive withdrawals in the hours leading up to the decision.
8296	The venue overlooked Wawel, which made for a spectacular backdrop for all of pictures taken during the evening.
8297	“The veterans here love the days we come to host bingo.
8298	The vice president, and one of the main shareholders, of the Palestinian Telecommunication Company is Muhammad Rashid, Arafat's financialadvisor.
8299	The vice-president of power production said everything points to a good carbon capture rate for September and figures would be released in early October, regarding the actual rates and volumes collected.
8300	The victim, who was not wearing a seat belt, was pronounced dead at the scene.
8301	The video showed officers walking into the bathroom and speaking to a wet, naked Trammell standing in the shower.
8302	The view from the Town Avenue estate to the hotel and multi-storey car park.
8303	The villa was awesome, well equipped, cozy, and clean.
8304	The violence could influence a close-fought U.S. presidential election, in which Obama's challenger Mitt Romney has accused him of not defending U.S. interests robustly enough.
8305	“The Virgin Islands Cadet Corp is a very instrumental body in what we need the face of this Territory to look like in the future.
8306	The visitors will be meeting Costa Rican Ministers and officials Monday and will spend much of Tuesday in the Costa Rican assembly talking to parliamentarians and Party leaders.
8307	The visits, the Charge d' Affaires added, will boost Saudi Arabia – Sierra Leone relations, notably between the Saudi Consultative Council and the Sierra Leone Parliament.
8308	The VPN also encrypts your traffic, so it's not accessible the way your browser history on a normal browser would be.
8309	The waterproof function protects you from sweat and rain."
8310	“The way his body is hanged on the door of the house, I don’t think if anyone was going to kill him they would hang the body in such a way.”
8311	The way they have these conversations is through our weekly call-in show, Sounding Board.
8312	The weakening of family budgets will impact government revenues to bone-deep levels.
8313	The “we are different” argument would hold sway if Ethiopia had been spared predictable outcomes: everyone (except Haile Selasse) knew Haile Selasse was collapsing and everyone (except Mengistu) knew Derg was collapsing.
8314	The week-long Christmas vacation and the Semana Santa break at Easter are traditions that erode productivity.
8315	The Westbank First Nation issued a, joining other municipalities in the area.
8316	The western High Peaks did not receive as much rain, and so they survived the storm relatively unchanged.
8317	The White Guide Nordic is like the Michelin Guide of the north and Estonia’s restaurants have managed to do quite well.
8318	The White House has denied any involvement with Whitefish Energy, though the company hails from the same town as Ryan Zinke, Trump’s secretary of the interior.
8319	"The whole city looks like a debris field," Glenn Lewis, the mayor of Moore, told NBC.
8320	The whole family is still getting used to R.J.'s rocket-like rise.
8321	The whole process has become streamlined in recent years.
8322	The Wilson County Archery Project will present a Hunters Education class on Saturday, Oct. 22, from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. in the annex building at 1103 Fourth St. in Floresville.
8323	The window for international transfers, which is determined by FIFA, is yet to open though, and will come into effect on June 9 – so if Jolley has his eye on anyone from his days in Sweden, he’ll have to wait.
8324	The winner in the June 8 primary likely will win the seat, which will be left empty by the retirement of Mariposa Republican George Radanovich.
8325	The winner of the May 24 special election will hold the seat through the end of former Mayor Megan Barry’s term, which ends in August 2019.
8326	The winner of Wylie/Godley will play the winner of Little Cypress Mauriceville and Robinson in the state championship June 10-13 in Austin.
8327	The winner will be drawn during the annual banquet.
8328	The Winneshiek County Sheriff's Office reports 38-year-old Brian Miller of Postville was arrested at the County courthouse on a warrant for Criminal Mischief on Tuesday morning.
8329	The win sent the United States through as the leader of its group for the sixth time in seven Women’s World Cups.
8330	The witness was able to identify the suspects and arrests were made at the scene.
8331	The woman called her friends on her phone and talked to them until she arrived home safely.
8332	The woman leaned in close, perspiration making her olive skin glisten.
8333	The woman repeated her story without contradictions or modifications, said the court.
8334	The Wood Buffalo Integrated Traffic Unit pulled over the car around 7 p.m. Thursday on Highway 63 north of Fort McMurray near Syncrude.
8335	The word "ordinary" holds a double meaning.
8336	The working class and low income folks are going to be disproportionately affected by coal trains.
8337	The workshop had as theme 'Funding Your Animation Film' and was aimed at exposing animators to various means of sourcing for funds or grants.
8338	The workshop will take place Saturday, July 11 from 2 pm to 4 p.m. Registration is open to adults and teenagers 15 & up, and the workshop is free.
8339	The World Bank said the small country has achieved “impressive development gains” since the 1994 genocide and civil war.
8340	The World Health Organization expressed concern that nearly 350 of those injured may be temporarily or permanently disabled as a result of their injuries.
8341	"The World Tourism Organization as a specialized Agency of the United Nations works to make tourism a source of development and I am happy I can join this mission of promoting responsible tourism."
8342	The World Wrestling Federation wanted to capitalize on Severn's skills.
8343	The wounded victims included five women and four men, aged 20 to 56, authorities said.
8344	The Wrangell Cooperative Association has six months to find $12 million to ship 18,500 cubic yards of lead-contaminated dirt out of Wrangell.
8345	The wreck was discovered 15 years ago by Anguillian fisherman Leander "Bull" Bryan.
8346	The writer explained the near-cancellation of Lennox Valley’s July 4 fireworks, in response to the local Baptist church’s fear they would interfere with proper reverence for the Lord’s Day, actually happened in her hometown.
8347	"The wrong has been committed by the state, not by the individuals — the wrong has been done to them."
8348	The Ya'axché Conservation Trust is trying to promote agroforestry in Southern Belize.
8349	“They advertised it in the and it was at Fleming College great hall where we all met and there were so many people it was amazing,” Lindy said.
8350	They all overlap in time and space.
8351	“They also beat and tied a security guard from whom they stole an air gun.
8352	They also contain valuable homiletical messages and lessons that go far beyond their literal readings.
8353	They also do not have food and water.
8354	They also find it difficult to penetrate the lucrative international markets.
8355	They also got beer and at least one shot of Jagermeister on the bus.
8356	They also had civil war and an Ebola outbreak and all kinds of terrible disasters.
8357	They also played four different goalkeepers — BJ Hardman, Stuart Abernathy, Jason Burdette and Nick Jackson — who combined for eight saves on the night.
8358	They also said her disappearance is considered suspicious.
8359	They also stole various grocery items of an undetermined value.
8360	They apologised and said there was no deliberate attempt to cheat, they were concerned that people might have thought that.
8361	“They are able to make personal connections — how our current civilizations rely on trade and how different businesses are created to provide services and goods.
8362	They are all in the Spratly archipelago located in waters south of mainland China between Vietnam and the Philippines.
8363	They are all out to avenge Prabhakaran's death.
8364	They are a shining example of the Texas spirit, and I am proud to honor them and their families today."
8365	They are being sniped from the rooftops, driven over by cars, bombed from fighter jets, and massacred by the very images that hung framed over their desks as they worked day in and day out.
8366	"They are committed and they are wonderful," Seibert said.
8367	They are connected via Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram, Flickr, and every other emerging social media platform, adopting them almost as soon as they are created - just like the younger generation in the West.
8368	They are due for a healthy (and long overdue) consolidation, possibly on the back of a rising dollar.
8369	They are entering at grade level 10 which is CONHESS 9 and their salary is not equal to that of a doctor who just entered service even after they get promoted to level 12 after three years in service.
8370	They are Gurkhas (or Gorkhas), men from one of the fiercest warrior tribes in the world -- and last week, Gurkha recruits from Nepal secured a Singapore conference attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
8371	They are launching from California and so they will be launching here, from Brownsville, Texas.
8372	They are mostly oak leaves that hang around seemingly forever.
8373	They are moving words that should continue to move us to action in continuing support of Christian and other religious minorities who were targeted by ISIS genocide.
8374	They are no strangers to home-based businesses, as they also grow commercial garlic seed and Diane is a quilt pattern designer.
8375	They are predictable—for all that they are and do.
8376	They are ready for down load, if you love and want to get it, simply click save badge on the web page, and it will be directly down loaded in your computer.
8377	They are shifting out or straining to.
8378	They are so small in professional stature compared to Chin’ono.
8379	They are such unconditional loving beings that absolutely love being close to their owners.
8380	They are suspects in the death of Cheryl Lynn Hugues, who ran a backpacker hostel that Cortez later operated.
8381	They are the first Hepatitis A cases in the county since 2011.
8382	They are to blame for what Israel does and has done.
8383	They are totally open, not segregated.
8384	They are what’s comfortable now.
8385	They ask their loyal customers to try them on.
8386	They assigned the power to declare war to Congress.
8387	They assist in every harebrained idea I come up with.”
8388	“They averaged a whole minute faster than last year and moved up a couple of spots.
8389	They bleed and they fail and they cry like the rest of us, and sometimes they need to lean on you as much as you need to lean on them.
8390	They cannot reconnect.”
8391	They carry heaven in their hearts.”
8392	They certainly have the personnel to complete the job, and playing as a collective unit should be their goal if they want to achieve their goal.
8393	They chose the name Sonic Unyon, from a quote by My Bloody Valentine guitarist Kevin Shields about "peeling back the layers of the sonic onion."
8394	They did an x-ray and a CAT scan.
8395	They didn't believe it.
8396	They didn’t even pay attention to gender, but Hayes said, “It all kind of worked out.”
8397	They do agree, however, that the coyote’s remarkable resilience will ensure its place on New Hampshire’s landscape – alongside deer and people – for a long, long time.
8398	They don’t aspire to home ownership, or even car ownership.
8399	They don't even know; they are still putting the season together.
8400	They don’t return emails.
8401	They don’t want to be driven by men,” said Cecilie Wanji, a 35-year-old Kenyan driver who has been working at the company for three years.
8402	They each also come along with a secondary weapon and a special attack.
8403	"The Yemeni citizen must feel that there is a serious movement and desire for peace among the coalition's countries waging aggression on Yemen."
8404	They evaporate again in lower levels of the atmosphere, well before they reach the surface.
8405	They expressed satisfaction with the outcomes of the 13th meeting of SCO Security Council Secretaries, saying it played an important role in preparing for the 18th SCO summit, which is scheduled to be held in Qingdao in June.
8406	They felt that permanent homes would work better and with a “safe room space refuge to comply with the flood risk” it would overcome objections.
8407	They flipped Mark Grametbauer to Moncton for forward Samuel Meisenheimer, defenceman Noah Massie, third-round picks in 2017 and 2018 as well as a fifth in 2017.
8408	“They found that 99 percent of individuals had found at least one of eight common allergens in their home,” she said.
8409	They glowed iridescent as I watched them through my binoculars.
8410	“They had it set up just like a movie studio,” Yanez said about the filming this summer at Holy Cross Parish in Mesa.
8411	They have also been criticised in the past for their links to members of violent loyalist paramilitary groups like the UVF who murdered Republicans during the Troubles.
8412	They have been banned in teething rings and babies' dummies across Europe.
8413	They have been told by the US Treasury that they have 60 days to dump the sanctioned Russian company’s bonds, but trading has halted, leaving them stuck with the debt.
8414	They have combined to win nine of 13 races — 10 of 14 counting this month’s All-Star race — and neither expects to slow down during the second half of NASCAR’s 26-race regular season.
8415	They have to go through Grand Cayman anyway.
8416	They have voices like angels!
8417	They held major events, but no concrete work has been done yet.
8418	They imagined the parent in the study would be angry with the child who confessed.
8419	“They jumped and looked at me ashamed, my husband then asked me why I had come home early and he quickly changed the topic and apologised when he saw the look I gave him that he had said the wrong thing at the wrong time,” said Muungura.
8420	They learnt the virtue of casting-off the yolk of authoritarianism, and embracing democracy instead.
8421	They live in their own world where the problems of the people of the country don't exist.
8422	They’ll be performing songs by artists such as Queen, Michael Jackson, Adele, and Michael Bublé.
8423	“They love the course because it’s flat, you get a lot of walkers, and the greens and fairways are good,” Younger said.
8424	They make me a shopping list that includes everything from pens to glue-sticks, hair-brushes to shoes.
8425	They managed to drink all the hot chocolate the concession had in store.
8426	They might well call the ALC's fund-raising efforts a "hand up".
8427	“They need to use this trip to allay the fears out there that this administration is backing out of Asia.”
8428	They never would have leveraged 50:1 under a gold standard.
8429	They no longer believe he is the leader who will solve Turkey’s problems.”
8430	They note that the old town's vulnerabilities have increased as housing developments were built in hills above, removing critical protections against flooding and increasing the amount of impervious surfaces.
8431	"They now have a feeling of what goes on in Australia — if we can be selling our story we represent farming more broadly as proud Tasmanian and Australian farmers, and it's that opportunity that's great."
8432	The Youth Apprenticeship Program has graduated from strength to strength, reaching the most vulnerable members of our population and turning their lives around.
8433	They plan their garden to not only grow food but also build up the soil, creating a carbon sink through composting.
8434	They played for love of the game, and if they took time off to get a drink, well, it was only logical to expend as little energy as possible.
8435	They pointed out that indiscriminate and excessive use of acid-forming ammoniacal chemical fertilizers had worsened soil acidity.
8436	“They provided almost no opportunity for local communities and experts to help draft an accurate or balanced plan.
8437	They reached the Eastern Conference finals for the first time in its short history before losing to the eventual champions, the Raptors 905.
8438	They’re actually photographs that he made before he came to New Mexico.
8439	They’re all hardworking and ready to help with any task we have.”
8440	They’re also extremely thankful it wasn’t worse.
8441	“They’re a public health response to a public health problem,” Sully said.
8442	"They're both fine musicians, but the best thing about these two is they're just superb people," Gorman said of Guarrine and Knapp.
8443	They’re doing a good job at that.
8444	They refused to divulge the port of embarkation.
8445	“They’re kind of the Wild West of exams,” Sharp said in describing the tests.
8446	“They’re not getting away with the way things used to be.
8447	They’re preparing for the first race of the year, a gruelling 13km up to the tollbooths that mark the entrance to El Alto.
8448	They’re really wasting a great resource.”
8449	"They're role models," said Reyes.
8450	They’re stealing things to buy drugs,” said Erann Kalwara, Public Safety Manager for JPD.
8451	“They’re the ones who calculate the levy, so the ball’s kind of in their court … I think it will be reasonably close to what we think it should be.”
8452	"They said they are for stability and that they love their country.
8453	They say life’s about the journey — dining at Garde East is most definitely about the journey.
8454	They say members of their explosive disposal unit were called in to examine and remove an explosive device from the home, before destroying it.
8455	They scored 10 runs on six hits.
8456	They set them up in churches and halls.
8457	They, she reported, had told her that-the effort would fail in Annapolis.
8458	They shoot the shit for a bit, stumble across a remarkably low-stakes problem to solve ("Shout, we gotta help Mister Jenkins get his ice cream truck ready for the school bazaar!"
8459	They should be lobbying the UK and Scottish Government to secure improved funding and look to work constructively with the unions rather than attacking their own workers."
8460	“They should be over the moon with that — it’s a really strong print,” said a banker, who was not on the mandate, of the deal at the time of pricing.
8461	They slugged it out to the end against Boscobel Primary as both teams finished with two points.
8462	“They started well, we were poor for the first 15 or 20 minutes but we got back into it.
8463	They stayed there for 10 years before retiring and moving home to Montana.
8464	They then return to a more low-fi sound for “I’ve Had Enough,” giving the guitar and drums a workout.
8465	They told her she could claim the prize if she paid the taxes first.
8466	They told me not to worry, but my mind thought otherwise.
8467	"They took on the responsibility for continuing the legacy, keeping spirits up and reminding the girls what the goals of the team were."
8468	The yuan was at first allowed to vary by 0.3 percent from the central parity rate each trading day and the trading band gradually expanded to 2 percent in March last year.
8469	They undertake a deep self-assessment, questioning all their long-cherished beliefs about themselves, and this is what they conclude: They're too nice.
8470	They’ve been doing it since the day they met.
8471	They’ve been stationed in Curacao since 2013 and got married on the island a year ago.
8472	They want the Nigerian government to intervene and stop the harassment.
8473	They want to play teams in non-conference that prepare them for a conference run.
8474	They want to return it together.
8475	They were able to measure, down to the decimal point, the amount of ignorance they created.”
8476	They were, after all, just ‘clarifications.’
8477	They were all shaking, and after composing themselves they started to discuss their predicament.
8478	They were arrested without trial and detained incommunicado.
8479	"They were considered odd because they treasured objects normally discarded by other people.
8480	They were firing at other demonstrators, according to the investigation, which is still ongoing.
8481	They were, however, shocked on seeing crocodiles instead of fish.
8482	They were our neighbours.
8483	They were stolen or broken along with street signs so many times that we did away with them in favor of chaos and now semi chaos with the "boletos."
8484	“They were very interactive and asked some fabulous questions,” she said.
8485	They will, however, be non-resident ambassadors.
8486	They will include names of those who have signed onto the rebuttals.
8487	They will play against the Red Devils of Congo at the Stade Alphonse Massemba-Débat on Wednesday June 6, 2018.
8488	They will return on March 17 to collect the items and will proceed to take them directly to nearby pantries.
8489	"They won't look at the evidence.
8490	They would have us remain fearful of everyone: Israel, the takfiris, the Sunnis, the world, and forget about our daily lives and standards of living."
8491	The Zimbabwe Republic Police (ZRP) director of music Chief Superintendent Davis Chamutinya has died at the age of 55.Chief Supt Chamutinya died at his Nyamuseve Farm in Guruve after a short illness.
8492	THE Zimbabwe Tourism Authority (ZTA) has partnered with models whom they believe are the best tourism ambassadors to market the country's destinations locally and internationally.
8493	The zoo has contacted the City of Jackson today for assistance in containment, especially around possible drainage areas under the fence line.
8494	“Things are going wrong with our environment,” writes John Terborgh, a James B. Duke Profesor of Environmental Science at Duke University.
8495	Things got weird on Naked and Afraid.
8496	Thinking about protein and what would group into a meal is helping in providing food donations that will help a hungry person feel full and also deliver needed nutrients, said Sara Hardin, a registered dietitian at Hancock Regional Hospital.
8497	Thin-sliced pillowcases of eggplant have been cooked sometime earlier, rolled around light but creamy house-made ricotta, served in a pool of olive oil blended with parsley, capers, chili flakes and shallots.
8498	Third, Europe and the remaining parties to the JCPOA must act to preserve the integrity of international law and of the UN.
8499	This actually amounts to setting whole Ummah on fire and no true Muslim can tolerate this non-sense,' said Malik.
8500	This advice is for the enjoyment of the audience, as the show is designed for adults but features almost no foul language or overtly sexual material.
8501	“This affects everyone,” Phoenix said.
8502	This AfricaFocus Bulletin contains two articles focusing on the hard lessons to be learned from the Freetown mudslides, as well as a short selection of additional links for more background.
8503	This again leads to the logical conclusion that the MPSC had also made a conscious attempt to interfere with the due judicial process by misinterpreting the provision of note (ii) as a "directory" rule.
8504	"This agreement extracts $12.4 billion from Africa and transfers it to a group of wealthy countries who do not really need the money," said Dr. Paul Zeitz, Director of the Global AIDS Alliance.
8505	This also applies to debt and other assets.
8506	This also comes with side effects including; a constant backache and marks on shoulders.
8507	This amazes me – I always thought colleges were places young men and women went to learn, not to be indoctrinated.
8508	This apartment of 65 m² (about 699 ft²) has 2 rooms including 2 bedrooms.
8509	This article is our contribution to that study.
8510	This article was edited to reflect that Kenilworth School and Sixth Form's move to a new site on Southcrest Farm will not be directly influenced by the county council as the school owns its own land.
8511	This article was written by a staff member of TheStreet.
8512	This asymmetrical free trade arrangement was meant to improve exports of Cariforum goods and services to Europe and to encourage regional integration.
8513	This book is a series of complex teachings, having been written as plainly as possible; written in such a way, that the more a person reads the more a person will be able to understand; as a stream of water that gently moves into a river.
8514	"This boy was after Illumuddin's daughter.
8515	This can be one particular of the most beneficial blogs We’ve ever arrive across on this subject.
8516	This can prevent the spread of invasive insect species and keep Maine’s woods beautiful and healthy.
8517	This carried on for several weeks until the novelty wore off.
8518	This “casualization” of faculty first began emerging in community colleges and state universities—the non-elite institutions.
8519	“This city will not stand for hatred, will not stand for inequality, will not stand for Islamophobia or homophobia, transphobia,” said Robertson in his remarks at the protest.
8520	This classically-trained pianist’s distinctive sound and style have secured his place among Canada’s frontier-pushing musicians.
8521	This clear golden lager delivers malt, grain and fresh bread in the nose and a similar bready flavor in the glass.
8522	This clearly indicates that the real estate agent given this task has failed to market professionally internationally.
8523	This collaboration ultimately combines the strengths of two organizations to improve the reach and delivery of health and nutrition interventions.
8524	“This, combined with other money stressors can be a cost not just for the individual but for their workplace.
8525	This comedy murder mystery is billed as one-third scripted, one-third improv, one-third audience participation, and all funny.
8526	This communal action should regularly occur across campus—but both the lack of space and the exorbitant price of a meal plan inhibits the communality that should occur.
8527	This could take place through the direct participation of companies from both sides, or through bonds put on sale to the public and repayable from revenues derived from fees or subscriptions to public-service projects.
8528	This could very well make all the difference between the sales you make and the ones you don’t.
8529	This county will continue to grow.
8530	This couple understands that it’s the journey that counts and not the destination.
8531	This date was pushed back to December 2015 because of a lack of funds.
8532	THISDAY checks revealed that after the robbery operation, the suspects took away the handsets of the victims,which they later gave to their various girl friends.
8533	“This decision is both a consequence and a further cause of the toxic national conversation about immigration.
8534	This deep-seated belief has been influenced greatly by election promises at all levels, and is the outcome of what government and politicians have been doing: A politician once said that a lie told often enough becomes the truth.
8535	This development may lead to the end of strike action embarked upon by the academic Staff union of universities.
8536	This discrepancy takes on some significance in light of the fact that on March 17, 1987, two months after Hobley's building burned, Council was arrested for arson.
8537	This DNA stems from a mom who sang, and a dad who wrote, yet both parents were Teachers and Civil Servants.
8538	This does not so much modify or even weaken marriage as abolish it.
8539	This event introduces all the fall sports, band, and cheerleading teams.
8540	“This event was a huge success because of the dedication and hard work of our golf committee, chaired by Jeff Shipp,” said Donatelli.
8541	This expensive mess has been the city’s shame for too long, but it’s also given us something even more interesting to complain about than the weather.
8542	This fall, she will teach kindergarten.
8543	This Fayetteville native is a well-known reggae star who has performed in many different countries.
8544	This film can go from the occasional giggle to at least one face-palm to just flat out emotional by the end.
8545	This follows the Prime Minister’s objections to statements made by UN representatives here, over the repatriation exercise.
8546	"This gentleman here, he had to call the fire department to get back up in his apartment."
8547	This gesture was extremely well received by all who attended and it was noted with pleasure that Masonite is very keen to co-operate with neighbours regarding fire and general security.
8548	This gives CUT the incredible work ethic which observers both inside and outside the team remark upon.
8549	This gives us a chance to refuel and be ministered to,” she said.
8550	This group, we weren’t going to let that happen, we were going to make those extra plays.
8551	THIS handsome Wootton home is a fine example of a property utterly transformed under its current owners and given a new lease of life.
8552	This happens once every month and has helped our business to grow.
8553	This has a significant impact on farmers especially at this time of the year when milk solids are high.
8554	This has caused resentment in some circles.
8555	This has led to an ever expanding marketing chain for packaged jamu in rural and urban communities.
8556	"This has led to moderating investment appetite.
8557	This has led to new and more virulent strains of disease and an ever increasing list of herbicide resistant weeds.
8558	This has prompted talk that we are selling out ourselves - again!
8559	This has to be new me.
8560	“This has turned into a nice home base for me because I do tend to show in a lot of different places, and I like to travel a fair amount for my work, but Manchester gives me a home base that’s close to friends and family.
8561	This, he explained, comes mainly through higher education.
8562	This helps avoid overspending by basing your spendable income off of your monthly salary.
8563	This historic boutique hotel has been around since the late 1800s and has served as the overnight comfort of President Grant and President Clinton.
8564	This history dates back to a riot in 1996, when 200 people threw bottles and rocks at police officers who were trying to break up a party.
8565	This home is fully furnished including dishes, linens, TV, stereo.
8566	This hotel has 17 rooms, with remote A/C, TV and hot water.
8567	This implies that the bills, for the most part, were being paid.
8568	This incident here is not a case of a famous person getting caught doing something illegal, but it is a case of someone doing something illegal to get famous.
8569	This includes 28 additional regular frequencies by Delta Air Lines and 598 weekly charter flights.
8570	This includes flats within both the larger modern and period homes in the areas to the east of Croydon including Shirley Hills, and the copious number of flats available within the smaller terraced Victorian houses in restaurant-heavy South Croydon.
8571	This includes making sure all the dogs in town are up-to-date on their required shots, including rabies.
8572	This includes the development of exclusive ranges of trees that are not currently available commercially in China.
8573	This incredible and historical three part documentary series on Melvan "Majeli" McGregor illuminates a whole new spectrum within Belize's music world.
8574	This information can be aggregated into audience segments, which help deliver relevant advertising to users visiting our websites and third-party websites that use the same pixels.
8575	This initial limpness isn’t caused by turbo lag but by throttle mapping, designed to gradualize engine response to improve fuel economy.
8576	This is a big problem.
8577	This is a choreographic biography of immense value, which also provides much pleasure in the reading.
8578	This is a complicated matter, and my research on this has resulted in a rather lengthy account, but it’s critically important for the NDP to know what is involved.
8579	This is a contentious ice cream.
8580	“This is a cost friendly alternative during the Christmas break and it’s great for children as they can learn new skills, as well as developing on the ones they already have.
8581	This is a Facebook in Creole post advertising a meeting with Canadian border and immigration officials for Sept. 9 in New York.
8582	This is a form of selecto-vision that leads us to overestimate that things will turn out wonderfully for us and underestimate the likelihood of our experiencing bad stuff, like being in a flaming car wreck or a flaming car wreck of a relationship.
8583	This is a fraction of the economic cost of food aid, not to mention the dramatic human costs.
8584	This is a free service offered by Mediaquest FZ LLC.
8585	This is, after all, their moment.
8586	This is against the UN Security Council Resolution 2334 and against the decision of the Lahai court, and according to the International law the Occupation authorities must offer the farmers a compensation for their losses.
8587	This is a great opportunity to serve the city and the folks of Black Diamond,” Wisnoski said in an interview after he was sworn in. “I’m really excited about bringing the city back together and the community back together.”
8588	This is a kind of hysterical feeling, because they are losing ‘the dear ones’, Al Nusra and ISIS.
8589	“This is also part of our investment in Alaska and our 20/20 plan.
8590	This is a luxury business, so we have to strive to satisfy the customers.
8591	This is a reminder that you should avoid all contact with wild animals.
8592	"This is a violation of the permit and guidelines," a senior police official told the daily.
8593	This is common, making offline email writing a powerful productivity hack.
8594	“This is disturbing and the Government owes this country and the women being disenfranchised an apology.
8595	"This is going to almost instantly flash into thousands of missiles and aircraft flying within minutes or hours," Goure said.
8596	This is good because acceptance is the first step in addressing corruption.
8597	“This is inexcusable”, said Strache.
8598	This is largely due to their collective food economy taking the brunt impact from this influx of Facebook-inspired eating habits.
8599	This is mostly because it is astronomically expensive–well over $10,000/year.
8600	This is my first day here and it is the first time (I see) this," she said.
8601	“This is not an option, it is mandatory,” said DES Capt. Tom Benavidez of the helmet regulations.
8602	This is not an unusual discussion to have within any administration at any time and what’s going on right now is a normal course of events.”
8603	This is not just for Con students.
8604	“This is not solved,” Kee said.
8605	This is not the first time you would hear of boardroom fights in the name of governance.
8606	This is not to deny that some form of pressure hasn’t always existed in our primary education system especially with regard to access to secondary schools.
8607	This is now the second time Janine has used a variation of the word “crazy” this episode to describe someone else, which, wow.
8608	This isn’t about increasing the amount that is extracted,” she explained.
8609	This isn’t easy, because of many interests, but I hope it will soon take effect.
8610	This is part one of a series of dispatches about where the preparations for the next elections stand.
8611	This is pure discrimination of the highest order.
8612	“This is something they should be proud of,” Martini said.
8613	This issue will not be discussed in the EIR.
8614	This is the 3rd Penman Fair here, with Decorative Furnishings to show alongside more Traditional Antiques and Art.
8615	This is the first time that profits have exceeded VNĐ10 trillion for any local lender.
8616	This is the granting of decision making powers to local authorities and allowing them to take full responsibility, without reference back to central government (UNDP, 1993:6).
8617	This is the largest and best location yet, according to board member Linda Brusehaver and Pauline Jagusch, who is in charge of scheduling volunteers.
8618	This is the second time that East Millsboro Elementary has received this national honor.
8619	This is the third consecutive year TVBC has opted to increase council tax by £5.
8620	This is the two-tier model of governance designed by Khomenei, vilayet-e faqih, rule by the jurisprudent.
8621	This is the unique perspective of France you’ve dreamed about.
8622	This is very true in the world of entertainment and one of many masters has reclaimed his throne.
8623	This is what has to change.
8624	This is what it’s like to be on Cas Abao, one of the hidden jewels …
8625	This is where the battle line will be drawn, with purists saying the work should be presented unadulterated.
8626	This is why NION keeps losing people.
8627	This is Young’s second year playing at Broadway Days.
8628	This Koil or temple (Koil means temple in Malayalim) is undoubtedly the origin of Koru; and the repetition of it three times in Ptolemy is in perfect correspondence with the allusion to Ram at the present"".
8629	This leads to redundant traffic movement.
8630	This list was completed in November 2013 and updated in December 2014 for our 2015 Book of Lists.
8631	This live concert style ‘rockumentary’ is performed by the extraordinarily talented renowned musician Phil Walker, and his exceptional band.
8632	This may sound like a consumer’s paradise, but across an entire economy even small delays in purchases can mean drastic drops in profit for retailers and manufacturers.
8633	This means bringing innovations in clean power, such as solar and wind, to the forefront of its Massachusetts operations.
8634	This means includes decapitation, counterterrorism legislation, secret operations and data collection by the intelligence services.
8635	This means many adults are regretfully seeing their language diminish.
8636	This means that practices such as Sati and untouchability which were marginal before 550 AD should not be mentioned in what is clearly a brief description of Hinduism in these textbooks.
8637	This means the European Union really does have a role to play, particularly in its own back yard, in North Africa, in the former Yugoslavia, and perhaps even in the Middle East.
8638	This means the party was so ‘lit!’
8639	This might come as a no-brainer for most, as Fleury is playing his best playoff hockey in his career right now.
8640	This minimalist glass-and-steel cube was built by Brownson, the designer of the Daley Center, for his Illinois Institute of Technology master’s thesis.
8641	This month we will move into specific dietary recommendations to give direction to this basic foundation of health.
8642	"This morning, I called the family of Sabika Sheikh and offered my deepest condolences.
8643	This morning the OPP received a call about a school bus that left the roadway on Regent Street in the City of Orillia.
8644	“This my way of saying ‘George you are a gallant son of Zimbabwe and an achiever.’
8645	This neglected garden was brought back to life,” said Schneider.
8646	This new representative office will be ideally placed to take advantage of this maritime hub and serve the Asia Pacific Region."
8647	This nine-year-old girl.
8648	"This odd phenomena is happening all over the country," he said.
8649	“This Office does not support the characterization of certain spending as “reckless and frivolous.”
8650	This one apparently ran aground and will stay until it melts a bit.
8651	This organic shampoo respects nature and also your dog by providing best possible coat treatment and skin care.
8652	This party can include all the guests wearing football gear like jerseys and foods being a tailgate style.
8653	This past Aug. 4 a federal judge overturned California’s voter-approved initiative banning same-sex marriage.
8654	This policy governs the activities of filming and photography on the MSU campus and its properties (either owned or leased), the issuance of permits and the assessment of fees for such activities, and the ownership/use of campus images.
8655	This practice is not limited to one Telcos alone, it has become a standard industry practice ostensibly to evade taxes.
8656	“This presentation will provide an in-depth look at what falconry is, birds utilized in the sport, equipment and facilities, training raptors, etc.,” Brown said.
8657	This presents a risk to fairness and privacy, in that the interviewees might speak more casually and loosely than they would if they knew they were speaking to a reporter.
8658	This price range also confirms a lengthy average days on market of 130 days, which confirms that there may be some motivated buyers.
8659	This product can save you from a lot of trouble.
8660	“This project moves us in the wrong direction,” says Gray, who is co-chair of the Anglican Church of Canada’s Creation Matters working group, a member of the Responsible Investment Task Force and secretary of the Anglican Communion Environmental Network.
8661	This question was asked to about 450 pupils attending Grade 10 up to 12 at Kutliso Daniels, Mrwetyana, and Hendrik Kanise High School (Alicedale) recently, during the ‘Trading Live for Mandela’ week.
8662	This rate measures the proportion of pregnant women who visit antenatal clinics for the first time before 20 weeks of their pregnancy compared to the number of women who had at least one antenatal visit before delivery.
8663	This religion was founded several centuries ago in Western Africa and then crossed the Atlantic via ships carrying slaves, spreading to territories as diverse as Cuba, Haiti, Jamaica, Brazil and the US.
8664	This report doesn’t count those who go on to graduate schools––it might be better that it does not.
8665	"This re-visioning of the responsibility of the university emulates the Benioffs’ progressive stance around corporations and business leaders taking on social and environmental issues.
8666	This Saturday’s clash against the Warriors is a do or die game in regards to Penrith’s top eight chances.
8667	This scholarship will be awarded to an individual planning to, or currently attending an accredited, post-secondary school.
8668	This series is set up like where each episode looks at the lives of animals that occupy a broad ecological niche like coastal waters or the deep ocean.
8669	This should be able to run very well except if you decide to have both the 32GB and the extra 64GB storage filled.
8670	This simple step takes a lifetime to master, and even then, few of us truly master it.
8671	This singer songwriter from Charlottetown, PEI, is also part of the band Hey Rosetta!
8672	This statement expresses a great truth since the source of love is God himself.
8673	This storm developed a wind speed averaging 130 miles-per-hour.
8674	This story is part of a project covering the Colorado River, produced by KUNC and supported through a Walton Family Foundation grant.
8675	This story was published on November 1, 2006.
8676	This stunning utility jacket from the Barbour Storm Collection is a great luxury gift for dads this Father's Day.
8677	This tactic, a “background briefing,” is frequently employed by White House press shops.
8678	This tactic, which came to be known as “air assault,” has been a major tactic in Afghanistan, a similarly mountainous country where the U.S. is also fighting insurgents who often melt into the population and find shelter in remote hideouts.
8679	This theory is utter nonsense and pure bullshit, and what is already proving to be happening in USA is that this theory has an enormous corrupting influence upon society as a whole, and upon elites and property-owning power holders especially.
8680	This thought exercise is beneficial to a point.
8681	This time they are taking part in local politics.
8682	“This trade mission was open to everyone and we were pleased to participate in an event that included four governments and community.”
8683	This training room is amazing, so spacious and equipped, very impressive.
8684	This trend shows opening of borders but will it continue?
8685	This triggered a wave of uncertainty that saw the currency drop steeply against the US Dollar.
8686	This type of colonies are relatively numerous in Latin America and can be found in countries such as Argentina, Chile, Brazil, or Paraguay.
8687	"This type of instruction definitely distinguishes Teachers College from other programs," Ward says.
8688	This unique set of speakers will really set the bar high for you.
8689	This voluntary conservation work also strengthens agricultural operations, supports other beneficial insects and wildlife and helps to sustain natural resources.
8690	This wall has bright white five-foot wainscoting on the bottom two thirds, and an elegant wallpaper reminiscent of blonde bamboo above.
8691	This was amended in 1972 to give a monopoly of charcoal exports to the National Commercial Agency.
8692	"This was a missed opportunity for the SEC to step back from the mutual fund industry's clamor for cost reduction and think about what investors really need," Runyan said.
8693	This was a request with a $5 million payout.”
8694	“This was definitely emotional for all of us, but I’m just happy I could wear Laker blue.”
8695	This was dismissed by an officer he was known to, who said in no uncertain terms did Yarasir attempt to give any information to police at any time.
8696	This was followed on Monday, December 20, 1926 by the implementation of Chattanooga’s third bus line into the northern suburb of Dallas Heights in North Chattanooga.
8697	This was most certainly an occasion when, in my constituents’ interests, the correct course was for me to abstain – better still, it should never have been forced to a vote.
8698	This was not the case for others in our top 10.
8699	This was purportedly to legalize those immigrants who complied with certain requirements, and to bring a bit of justice and certainty to the irregular and uncertain situation under which they lived.
8700	This was revealed at the recent launch of the Youth Parliament which has hosted by Bacha in Leribe.
8701	This was swiftly followed by a process to identify facilities with these characteristics, both abandoned and those in use.
8702	This was the Kashmiriyat of the elite.
8703	This was what all it exposed me to the suffering of Afar People.
8704	“This was why Sisi wanted to check for himself.”
8705	This weekend the big event is the Gran Tope Pilsen Saturday afternoon, but there are fireworks, dancing and even sumo wrestling mosts days of the carnival.
8706	This week police alleged that the reported shooting of the Chief Executive Officer of SAITM was apparently stage managed.
8707	This week's host is Dichotomty, famed poet and Ebony Magazine's Top 30 Eligible Atlanta Bachelors.
8708	This week’s story will highlight the headlines from July through December.
8709	This week we witnessed Jerusalem Day and the transfer of the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem.
8710	This went on for two years until one day, when Phil didn’t show.
8711	This will allow ground preparations for the latest development on the man-made island – a 450-apartment block called Al Mutahidah Towers.
8712	This will be achieved by publishing news, articles, columns, book reviews, and letters, which must not contain any hateful or derogatory words or phrases.
8713	“This will be a seminar that will provide all the instruction, photography, fingerprinting, applications, and certificates necessary to qualify for a Utah CCW license, which is recognized in more than three dozen U.S. States,” said the show producer.
8714	This will be Machisa’s second appearance at the tournament.
8715	This will be the first application of BRT principles in San Francisco, a bus service with rail-like features seen around the world.
8716	This will create opportunities for increased production and income generation for our people.
8717	This will multiply exponentially the costs for the US of handling global affairs and make the country profoundly realize that the Taiwan question is the Chinese mainland's bottom line that it cannot afford to touch.
8718	This would be a good place to stress that no one, not even Stiles, is accusing the environmental movement of premeditation in fomenting the amenities-based ruination of the West.
8719	This would have been a great opportunity for Nicole to call it a great night and have her step-sister and her boyfriend drop her off at their hotel located 5 to 10 minutes from the bar.
8720	This would knock the servers offline.
8721	This would mean we will be led by that wealthy sexagenarian called Cyril Ramaphosa, the incumbent President.
8722	This year alongside with the European Games, Pan American Games will also be held.
8723	This year, CSA allocated $120,000 for Spring Concert, a $5,000 increase from last year, and a $20,000 increase from two years ago.
8724	This year, Latin America and the Caribbean achieved Internet penetration of 59.6%.
8725	This year, Run As One welcomes four additional partner organizations: Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America (IAVA), Student Veterans of America, Travis Manion Foundation and Wounded Warrior Project (WWP).
8726	“This year’s class of nominees is exceptional — highly accomplished leaders and respected in their fields.
8727	This year’s curriculum, while still dedicated to academic achievement, has expanded to also focus on life skills that are appropriate for the 21st century and to introduce students to Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) careers.
8728	This year she has taught two classes in CLAS at UConn.
8729	"This year's honorees are wonderful and diverse examples of how we can learn from the success of others and can all be better environmental stewards by taking thoughtful and important actions to protect and enhance our water and air quality."
8730	This year’s theme for the ‘edutainment’ series is ‘Music Rocks’ and this year children will learn how important music is with the help of the librarians.
8731	This year’s winning communities and businesses are: Lauren County and Valmiera Glass Group; Houston County and Sandler AG; and Butts and Spalding counties and Dollar General.
8732	This year the Christmas display includes more than two million lights.
8733	This year the focus is on getting young people involved in the global effort to conserve the world’s oceans.
8734	This year the focus was on eye emergencies, management of chest injuries, CPR, advanced burns management and suturing, bandaging and a plastering masterclass.
8735	This year, we have talent and lots of returnees who worked hard during the off-season.
8736	This year we’re looking into having a type of poetry book club, where we’re hopefully able to bring in more poetry books and start introducing people to more poets, and hopefully more current poets.
8737	This year, Zeman once again started his address with assessing the state of the economy.
8738	Thomas decided that as well as running his station he would operate a pub named “The Crooked Billet”, as well as a store and post office.
8739	Thomas Hayter, 43, and 21-year-old Eva 'Annie' Ostler, were discovered side by side on the sand at the edge of the surf, each shot through the heart.
8740	Thomas points out that toilet paper is also a public nuisance in that it clogs pipes and adds a significant load onto city sewer systems and water treatment plants.
8741	Thompson attended Wednesday’s North Tongass Service Area Board meeting to provide information about the proposal to board members, and to field questions.
8742	Thompson closed with a 66 for her fifth runner-up finish of the year.
8743	Thompson Funeral Home is assisting the family, and condolences may be sent to them at or P. O. Box 807, Powell, WY 82435.
8744	Thompson got out, walked over to the lieutenant and told him he wanted to evacuate the people in the bunker.
8745	Thorough background checks of the candidates are carried out through the police, judiciary, census registry and intelligence agencies.
8746	Those approaches highlight the divergent business climates within the two cities — and could affect the two cities’ standing in the tech behemoth’s eyes, some experts say.
8747	“Those are the highest prices we’ve seen since June or July 2015.”
8748	Those are the kind of solidarity you should show especially in times of humanitarian calls.
8749	Those charges were withdrawn and dismissed with prejudice.
8750	Those expectations were heightened by a spring practice that didn't showcase a competent successor to at quarterback.
8751	Those false reports were dismissed as victory was declared for Erwin Contreras, Rene Montero and then Elvin Penner.
8752	Those of you who are registered Republicans may take some shame from the fact that the head of the Republican Party has spoken in favor of Hof.
8753	Those people affected by the higher prices at the pump, are likely cutting back on other expenses like shopping and dining out.”
8754	Those people found to be non-compliant with the work rule would have been disqualified from the benefits for three months while repeat offenders would have lost eligibility for six months.
8755	Those small flags have everything to do with the three historical markers that are directly across Rocky River Road (S.C. 522).
8756	Those that still need help can contact us at City Hall or come to City Hall where we have a fire related service counter established”, said Dan Paranick, Assistant Ventura City Manager.
8757	Those uses include a foundation for putting greens; the maintenance processes of aeration and top dressing; and a filler in dry hazards, also known as bunkers and sand traps.
8758	Those who oppose it should be disciplined by their respective parties and coalitions,” he added.
8759	Those writers lived close to the time of Christ.
8760	Though each is synonymous with southern politics, their differences are pointed.
8761	Though Grand Szechuan is tucked into a Bloomington strip mall, the ambiance and service are more refined than the utilitarian real estate might suggest.
8762	Though happy with this elevation, my spirit was dampened by the accompanying 5th transfer order in a span of 4years + of service, this time to the backwoods of Aghunato Sub-Division.
8763	Though Hyde Park sometimes feels far removed from the rest of Chicago, don’t be fooled: it’s easy to explore other neighborhoods so long as you’re willing to break out of the Hyde Park bubble.
8764	Though it will be the first face to face meeting between Kiir and Machar in two years, yet there is slim chance that the meeting and the one to follow in less than two weeks will really provide a base for a sustained settlement.
8765	Though observers expected authorities to wait until next week before ordering the former head of state to prison, the judge who handed down the original conviction issued a decree late Thursday giving Lula until 5 pm Friday to turn himself in.
8766	Though their bondage was often a death sentence, enough of the Irish survived that by 1670 they already accounted for a significant part of Jamaica’s population.
8767	Though their World Cup qualifying path wasn’t especially fraught—they were in a group with Italy, Albania, Israel, Liechtenstein and Macedonia—Spain absolutely trampled the competition, scoring 36 goals and only giving up three.
8768	Though the service is geared toward senior autonomy, clients do not need to be senior citizens.
8769	Though the venture is Merritt’s first into owning a business herself, selling crafts is something she’s done for quite some time.
8770	Though West Nile seems to be an issue every year, the relatively new Zika virus has caused even more concern and confusion because of the effects it could have on unborn children.
8771	Though you say “this time” with regards to the colluding part, I am opting to hold on addressing it fully after the spark plug, that is Dr. BB’s article, ignites the next stage of evolution.
8772	Thousands of Belizeans from around the country came to learn about what businesses from Spanish Lookout have to offer to the rest of the Country.
8773	Thousands of demonstrators bearing candles marched on the Polish Supreme Court on Sunday (23 July) in protest against controversial proposed judicial reforms.
8774	Thousands of protesters rallied in the Georgian capital Saturday as opposition leaders pressed for a meeting with President Mikheil Saakashvili after a month of demonstrations demanding his ouster.
8775	Thousands were charged fees, or had their credit damaged, or were generally creeped out by, you know, strangers using their personal information to open bank accounts on the internet.
8776	THREE: A man seen in Castleton Avenue which is the road where Eileen lived.
8777	Three bear cubs that were found in a cardboard box in Oconee County are being hand-raised until they are ready for the wild.
8778	Three, he overcame the much larger (400+ pound) ex-NFL lineman in such a vicious way.
8779	Three million workers, or 2.4%, quit in February 2018, and the BLS tells FOX Business the recent reading is the ninth highest in JOLTS history.
8780	Three of them — Carolee, Marilyn and Merry — began to plan a holiday gift shop to sell all the things they made during the year.
8781	Three pairs of eyes peered over their masks and fixed themselves on me.
8782	Three pivotal games remain in the 2017 regular season.
8783	Three sisters preceded him in death: Geneva Clark Holliman Breeding who died in 1997 at the age of 81, Julou Esker Holliman Dodson who died at the age of 96 on February 28, 2014, Mildred Crongie Holliman Holley who died at the age of 71 on March 6, 1992.
8784	Three storage sheds near the house were saved, along with six ducks rescued by firefighters.
8785	Three years ago, Tio, 44, founded, the signature product of his home-based company Westcoast Bamboo Werks.
8786	Through 51 games, Vaughn ranks in the top six in batting average and the top three in on-base percentage (.535), slugging percentage (.848), total bases (162) and home runs (23).
8787	Through an EU-funded CRFM project, supported by the Inter-American Institute for Cooperation in Agriculture (IICA), the team is hoping to establish a uniformed set of procedures across the industry.
8788	Through his diplomatic intervention, China was the first country to fly in with medical support to the small West African nation of Sierra Leone.
8789	Through it all, he has continued to call Belleville home.
8790	Through June 14: “Dos del Sur” (Two From the South), a two-artist exhibition featuring work by Carlos Grasso and Sylvia Raz.
8791	Throughout her life, Jaime was smart, dedicated, loving and compassionate.
8792	Throughout the entire ordeal he kept checking to see if we were OK.”
8793	Through the years, many of the attendees mistakenly believe the event has been sponsored by the White House.
8794	Through the years the organization has given aid where it was needed without thought for financial gain.
8795	Throw on your shorts and slide into your flip-flips for a season full of quintessential summer Atlanta festivals you won't want to miss.
8796	Thunder Bay 's Valhalla Inn announced its restoration plans for its Timbers restaurant, damaged by a January 3 fire, are now complete and interior construction is underway.
8797	Thursday meal, 4 p.m. salad bar, with dinner at 4:30 p.m.
8798	Thus, access to information which is the source of knowledge, is absolutely necessary for empowerment in these modern times.
8799	Thus, a decision was made to invade.
8800	Thus the overacting and mugging for the camera: "A waffle iron!
8801	Tickets are $20/$25 and are available at
8802	Tickets are already sold out for an elegant four-course dinner on the bridge, scheduled for Friday, Sept. 22.
8803	Tickets cost £5 and all money raised will go towards the Dementia Club.
8804	Tickets for the event, which starts at 7pm, cost £20 and are available via standre.
8805	Ticos are not as keen on views as I am.
8806	Tiffany Trump. daughter of Republican U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump, sits near her half-brother Donald Trump Jr. (C) during evening speeches at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio, U.S. July 18, 2016.
8807	Tiger knew the SEAL physical requirements by heart, easily knocking out the pushups, pullups and situps.
8808	Tigers starter Mike Fiers allowed one run on five hits in seven innings, while Mike Clevinger gave up two runs on four hits in 6 2/3 innings.
8809	Tillerson told The Associated Press last year that drilling off Alaska is important despite disapproval from environmentalists because “eventually we are going to need it” to meet energy needs.
8810	Till next time whenever that might me.
8811	Tim Macumber grew up in Newport with big dreams.
8812	Timothy Adams was seeking the Ward 5 alderman seat currently held by Donna Johnson.
8813	Timo Werner has offered hope to Manchester United and Bayern Munich by admitting that he needs to leave RB Leipzig in order to fulfil his potential.
8814	TM has a rich 2,300 years history and practitioners keep searching for innovations and have implemented Western medical equipment to upgrade treatment methods.
8815	TNN: How did you end up in Tamarindo?
8816	TNT Express customers would also benefit from access to the FedEx portfolio of solutions, including global air express, freight forwarding, contract logistics and surface transportation capabilities.
8817	"To actually do it while I'm incarcerated, I don't feel like a failure.
8818	To a kid, it’s torture.
8819	To appoint Gennady Gagulia as Prime Minister of the Republic of Abkhazia.
8820	To assume that the country was in love with you may be bordering on the delusional.
8821	To be a THINKER, one needs the POWER TO CREATE: In order to be creative, an individual should have the ability to perceive things in new ways or relate things or ideas which were previously unrelated.
8822	To be clear, there was never—and never will be—a right time to sit and watch from the comfort of the sidelines.
8823	To be fair, the constraints that social democratic governments point to can’t be ignored; capitalism imposes well-known costs on any attempt to escape its established boundaries.
8824	To cap it off, the duo will be ordained together June 2 at Christ the King Church, their home parish.
8825	"To come out here and just to do little things, strap on the helmet, puts in perspective how lucky you are to get to play the game."
8826	To cut a long story short, the inherent blockage of the mass film, in my opinion, could be termed as the -trap.
8827	To date, 30,000 people have registered for the three-day pastoral congress at the RDS on Wednesday August 22nd through to Friday August 24th, with the Friday event sold out.
8828	To date, the MP for Richmond appears to count his strident opposition to the expansion of Heathrow as his chief political achievement.
8829	“Today, another public official was sentenced to prison for violating their sworn oath to uphold the law,” said Acting U.S. Attorney Jack Smith.“
8830	Today, as we reflect on the chaos that enveloped our country in 1996, preceding and succeeding events, it’s worth noting that we are one people that took a different route in history by rising against ourselves.
8831	Today Dorin Chirtoacă promised to the politicians to buy new clothes for them but also cars of 2 mlln lei."
8832	Today giant wind turbines dot the horizon; hundreds of years ago it was a popular gathering place for Indians.
8833	Today, in front of the Presidential Administration gathered sellers of the Central capital market requiring the abolition of the amendment to the Law on VAT.
8834	Today is the last day to avail the benefits being offered by Jet Airways and the travel period should fall between October 10, 2018 to December 15, 2018.
8835	"Today our focus is on digital output," he says.
8836	Today's Asia has the wisdom, capacity and courage to find a civilizational development path which surpasses Europe and surpasses war.
8837	"Today September 12 we expect short rain with thunderstorm in western Georgia.
8838	Today’s game also marked the debut of Andre Russell who celebrated his World Cup debut with a timely yorker to remove Ireland's Ed Joyce.
8839	• "Today" show anchor Meredith Vieira recently greeted her former co-hosts on "The View" with, "So how are you crazy bitches?"
8840	“Today’s ruling is a victory for the public — allowing the people to know what their elected officials are doing behind closed doors.”
8841	Today, the category average 3-year annualised return is around 7% and the comparable return for the BSE Sensex is 6.9%.
8842	Today the child friendly municipality project was launched in all nine municipalities across the country simultaneously.
8843	Today, the name Hamos still survives as one of the most popular patisseries in Alexandria.
8844	Today there is a pulse of thundery showers moving eastwards which will bring some intense downpours for some.”
8845	Today, the renowned TV icon boasts of so many investments in Kenya.
8846	Today they have horses for hire, chickens, a swimming pool, a small inn, some outbuildings, and the cave where they get to the business end of making the wine.
8847	Today we are trying to resurrect the laboratory project that collapsed a few years back,” GhariSuleNdi averred.
8848	To “educate,” pfft!, and to shut down discussion and close the blogs.
8849	To fix the being “too small” problem my parents bought me pads that give me an extra two inches around my hips.
8850	To get more details about the mission of the Grand Jury, and to view previous years’ reports, please visit our website: http://grandjury.
8851	“To get up one day, and then all of a sudden to go left for no apparent reason,” says David Wells, a former bail bondsman who works as a sort of fixer for the Cowboys, “it’s just one of the most bizarre things I’ve ever seen.”
8852	“To graduate with everyone here is awesome.”
8853	To have a for the area, all the owners must first place on their properties.
8854	To hear the record’s hair-raising anthemic opening track, “Welcome to the Night,” live and in person at a bona fide fest should be nothing short of a privilege to local metal fans.
8855	To help design effective solutions, they carry out social research to understand what drives the human behaviors that threaten tigers, such as eating deer meat or killing stray tigers.
8856	To help you pinpoint the kind of home you’re looking for, make a wish list of what it should include.
8857	To help you with the maps.
8858	To illustrate the eating part of her healthy approach to life, Frances offers the “Organically Scrumptious Cooking School,” teaching people not only how to cook, but what they are cooking, as well as what they are eating.
8859	To Jobs, “trees were the most beautiful bits of art,” says architect Stefan Behling.
8860	To keep customers coming back, a business must be focused on meeting their needs.
8861	“To keep repeating that these individuals are inexperienced or ineffective is wrong,” he shot back.
8862	To learn more about Isaiah’s Place and it’s programs, visit
8863	To lower your food expenses, consider buying meats in bulk, buying fruits and vegetables that are in season and sticking to serving sizes.
8864	“To mention Grenfell in the same breath as this application is wrong and should not be considered.”
8865	“To me, the work we have done at Grow is an accumulation of all the work we’ve done over the past 25 years,” Davis said.
8866	To me, this must be our past and not our future.
8867	To me though, if Mookie’s past two collections are fuelled by a focused hunger to engage certain aspects of desire, then in “Hush Harbor” she marks the earth around her with a longer stick, draws the circle wider.
8868	Tommy Kolb leads the team in tackles and fellow linebacker Logan Rivers has been similarly effective.
8869	Tomorrow I will hurry to participate in the National Assembly session and listen to the message of HM the King.
8870	Tomorrow OCEANA and the Coalition will hold their so-called people's referendum.
8871	Tom Osborne will share his passion for local WWII military history in a Thursday, March 26 program starting at 7 p.m. in the Seward Community Library Museum.
8872	Tom retired from American National Can where he was a quality control manager.
8873	“To my dearest fans in Austin Texas, accept my sincere apologies as I won’t be able to perform at the SXSW 2016 Festival upon doctor’s orders and advice.
8874	To my question whether the arrowhead is imported if it is a Scythian sample, Avtisyan says this is not the case at all.
8875	Tonight President Obama invited all of the Ambassadors he personally chose to an intimate reception at the White House.
8876	Toni says what she enjoys most about her work with Surtees is the appreciation that customers have for their products.
8877	Too large teams fail to have the sense of inter-connection.
8878	Too many of them claim to "know" that if they just do X,Y,Z they will win because theirs is the superior ideology, or they have the best consultants, or whatever.
8879	Too many to name here so be sure to visit RestaurantWeekDE.com to see the full list.
8880	To participate, adult anglers (16 years or older) must have a valid fishing license and trout/salmon permit and be accompanied by a youth.
8881	Topic 606 introduced unearned revenue, which is substantially similar to deferred revenue under previous accounting guidance, except for the removal of the limitation on contingent revenue.
8882	Topics concerning homes, cars, planes, and other attributes of a posh lifestyle of celebrities are the most popular requests on the Internet now.
8883	Top Knot is located at 2817 Maple Ave. The restaurant opens for dinner service on February 3. There is a full bar.
8884	Topp, 33, says she’s extremely privileged and excited to live an amazing life with the people of the Australia Ballet who she considers to be a family of loving friends.
8885	To promote the rehabilitation, renovation and replacement of older homes in Chesterfield, the county has recently changed its partial tax exemption incentive program.
8886	Top them with those watermelon stars and you're done.
8887	To purchase yours before the show, visit the Eagle Creek Music Fest Facebook page for a link to the Xorbia ticketing site.
8888	To put this in perspective, the UK presently applies a tax rate of 15 cents, or VND4,500, per bag, while Hong Kong’s plastic bag tax sits at a meager $.05, or VND1,050 per bag, according to the Hanoi-based newspaper.
8889	To reach out to a larger audience, Akram uses social media.
8890	To repeatedly claim that something extraordinary happened, in broad daylight, and then to officially deny that it happened, is the easiest kind of lie to prove.
8891	To request language interpreter services, including sign language, or other aids or services to participate in this event, call 240.777.8454 or Maryland Relay at 711.
8892	Tory Bradley, Katie Garrett, Kaitlyn Loyd and Keeli Moore, from Dynamic Rhythm Dance Studio, had already won first place in Dance Group at the Benton County Fair in August with their clogging routine.
8893	To serve the influx of outsiders several support businesses have opened – from bicycle-hire shops to laundries and photocopy kiosks.
8894	“To simplify its findings, the report uses a traffic light rating system of green, amber or red to indicate the relative health of each fish stock,” Mr Dowling said.
8895	To tackle this issue head-on, a group of five biotechnology PhD students from all three universities and based at CSIRO engaged the support of the nation's peak biotechnology organisation, AusBiotech to establish a representative student body.
8896	To take the initiative: he or she who takes the initiative is always the most courageous person.
8897	TOTAL E&P, a major oil explorer in Nigeria, has never back-stepped from its Corporate Social Responsibility, CSR.
8898	Total indirect population beneficiaries computing 215,125 community members in Kailahun benefitted through radio broadcast.
8899	Totally blowing it has increasingly become something to boast about in the tech sector.
8900	Total retail sales of goods and services leapt 9.8% in January-April, or 8.5% if the price factor was excluded.
8901	To that effect, maybe this “comedy” doesn’t always elicit huge laughs as much as it makes audiences think and perhaps laugh at life’s absurdities.
8902	To their eyes, fighting on after the approaching fall of France would only delay the inevitable at the cost of mass civilian slaughter.
8903	To the north I can see the Nerang River, deformed by canals, straight-lining and right-angling its way through expensive suburbs, to suddenly fatten and push its way through the Spit to join the ocean.
8904	To the women out there, it's time to stop talking and quarrel, because we know that you all are full of frustration and it's time to do something about that frustration.
8905	"To this day I do not remember because it is blanked out in my mind.
8906	To this end, a call was issued in the international press inviting interested institutions to submit proposals to help the Unit identify the best approach to privatise the company and also to assist in the whole process of the exercise.
8907	To turn out the jellies, dip each mould in a bowl of hot water, then turn onto a plate and give it a few quick shakes.
8908	To underscore the point, Akhmedov refused to participate in the British divorce case, neither appearing in court nor sending a lawyer to the proceedings, which began in November 2015.
8909	To understand those facts, we must have calm."
8910	Tourism was just beginning with many up-country people es-caping the insecurity of the 'Mau Mau' emergency.
8911	Toward that end, I am asking, on behalf of the Council, that action on the Proposal be put over to the January meeting of the Board of Trustees.
8912	To win the seventh straight title and my first as manager was great, a very pleasing day.
8913	Townspeople and business owners are understandably shaken up by these turn of events.
8914	Trace Burns was 2-4 and scored a run while Cody Perry, Mitchell and Kason Newman all had hits in the contest.
8915	Track 5 diplomacy involves tourism.
8916	Trade between the two groups has flourished.
8917	Trademarks typically take about three months in China to move from preliminary approval to final approval.
8918	Trades & Services PAINTINg & Decorating Wingfields Contracting, all interior & exterior painting & all forms of interior plastering & jib fixing, ph Mark 021 171-1586 or 355-5994 PAINTER AVAILABLE All aspects in painting.
8919	Traffic controls are in place – please take care.
8920	Traffic management concerns are covered by a Master Development Agreement (MDA) requirement already in place.
8921	"Tragedy has no respect for individuals," Hawkins said.
8922	Trailing now 3-1 Trafalgar pushed forward but Traralgon were strong along the back.
8923	Transit officials counter that light-rail maintenance centers do not use hazardous materials or generate much noise and traffic.
8924	Travellers wishing to experience the spectacular annual whale shark migration to Belize had better begin preparing now if they want to make the most of this rare opportunity, according to the Belize Natural History Centre at Chaa Creek.
8925	Travel & Tourism Niger’s natural landscape is what travelers generally seek out, and we too think it’s simply breathtaking.
8926	Treasure Valley Water Users say that’s not true — that this is a new accounting method.
8927	Treasury Cabinet Secretary Henry Rotich (left) who has moved to repeal the interest rate controls effected in September 2016, meaning the cost of borrowing will go up.
8928	Treemail arrives and Camp Muscle discusses that it appears to involve throwing free shots, so good they haven’t voted Cliff off yet.
8929	Trinity had a great presence at the Art Car Parade this year—and they’ll have a spot waiting next year!
8930	Trips to visit children and grandchildren always required two suitcases: one for clothes, the other packed full of her famous snickerdoodles, brownies, toll house brittle, blackstone crumb cake, and more.
8931	Trish offers a local, experienced, friendly, confidential and professional Tax Agent.
8932	Tristan Miller (right) will be one of the key standouts this season for the Nash Central High School boys soccer squad.
8933	Troopers said a Ford F-150 pickup driven by 41-year-old Zachary Moon Belote had rolled at least once and was resting on its side, blocking the roadway.
8934	Troy Bowen, a 23 year-old stevedore, and a Belize City resident, was once again targeted by gunmen in another failed attempt on his life on Wednesday August 24th.
8935	Truck sales, which picked up pace in the second half of FY18, are expected to break their inherent cyclical pattern in 2018-19.
8936	Trucks full of plastic bottles pull into a recycling facility in Valenzuela, Philippines.
8937	Trudeau's press conference was dominated by discussions about trade, including the contentious renegotiation of NAFTA, the trade deal between Canada, U.S. and Mexico.
8938	Truly, this assignment is probably most challenging and trustworthy assignments people can by chance held.
8939	Trump complained about having to do trade "deals" with the European Union as a bloc, rather than individual states like France.
8940	Trump economic adviser says Trudeau ‘stabbed us in the back’
8941	Trump, Graham said, then asked, “Who’s asking to go into that village?”
8942	Trump has an opportunity to put the talking back on track.
8943	Trump-Kim summit: Can you achieve peace on a plate?
8944	Trump, master of the late-night tweet, had no such qualms.
8945	Trump previously said he had an idea of whom he would pick but had not made a final decision.
8946	Trump railed against Mueller and the Russia investigation in a series of tweets over the weekend.
8947	Trump retains important pillars of support.
8948	Trump said that would be a bad idea.
8949	Trump’s reinstatement of the policy looks a bit different than in years past.
8950	Trustees named to LCSD boardLakeland Catholic School District (LCSD) board of trustees had a successful nomination day with a slight extension to Sept. 21.The board managed to acclaim all…
8951	Trustees, who serve six-year terms, are elected by voters who live in the LSC in-district for which the single member district election is being held.
8952	Trust is the cement that holds together any agglomeration of humanity.
8953	Trust me, I'm a notorious drug baron!
8954	Try to make it random, and avoid using anything obvious such as birthdates.
8955	Tshepo Moabelo: “I add a bit of ginger, honey, lemon and Panado into a pot, boil for ten minutes and I wait for it to cool before drinking it.”
8956	T&T signs deal with European travel group: Trinidadian, Aruban, Guadeloupean, Caribbean, Global Business News at Caribdaily.com British Virgin Isles.
8957	Tuesday’s LSU-ULL game will be broadcast on affiliates of the LSU Sports Radio Network, and it may heard at  The game will be televised on Cox Sports Television.
8958	Tuesday there were 51 social bowlers on another beautiful warm sunny day to be out on the greens.
8959	Tuition waivers provisionThe House bill includes a provision that would treat tuition waivers for graduate students as taxable income.
8960	Tulsa Garden Center’s An Evening of Wine and Roses will celebrate its annual event Friday, Sept. 25, 7-9:30 p.m. at the Tulsa Municipal Rose Garden.
8961	Tune in Saturday night at 7:15 p.m. to witness what promises to be a great game.
8962	Tune up your turfgrass.
8963	Turkey has been following an inclusive and multidimensional foreign policy and has been utilizing constructive and cooperative political discourse in the Middle East.
8964	Turkey is a key trading partner.
8965	Turkey will accelerate Baku-Tbilisi-Kars Railway construction, – Ahmet Arslan, minister of Transport, Navigation and Communications has declared to the local media.
8966	Turnbo made the dessert for a recent get-together and, according to Riddle, everyone who tasted it asked for the recipe.
8967	Turner scheme sparks debateAs a newcomer to the Lancashire League, Rishton pro Daniel Salpietro does agree with some of Paul Turner’s ideas to revamp cricket in the area.
8968	Turning to see why the folks are lagging.
8969	Turnover has grown from £1.67m in 2015 to a projected £2.5m in 2017, with new business enquiries doubling in the last 12 months and 45 projects completed this year to date.
8970	TVNZ 2+1 plays exactly the same content as TVNZ 2, just an hour later.
8971	Twenty minutes of foam-rolling and stretching while the wife and I watched Netflix.
8972	Twenty-seven-year-old Llamont Wade is in the hospital in a critical condition after he was stabbed multiple times.
8973	TWIN FALLS, Idaho ( KMVT / KSVT ) Great Basin Conference regular season champion Minico Baseball, earns two of the top three honors.
8974	Twitter’s Moments product is a constant stream of just such transitory and disordered reactions to context-free events.
8975	Two hallmarks stand out when analyzing that transition: early and proactive planning from both sides; and dedication to conquering partisan concerns for the greater good of the country’s security.
8976	Two, he was not offering a professional clinical diagnosis on Trump.
8977	Two installations, one by the installation art class of SCAD Atlanta and the other by artist HENSE.
8978	Two Maple Valley residents were among 10 people arrested Tuesday for drug trafficking charges by a Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) led task force.
8979	Two Neomexicanus varieties, however, showed promise with increased yields year after year.
8980	Two of my friends (sisters) both told me their mom always made them feel special and safe.
8981	Two of the procedures offered by Professor Ghoz are total hip replacement and hip resurfacing.
8982	Two out of 21 companies that were operating in Gaborone at the beginning of 2015 had closed shop by year-end due to viability problems, stated Mokaila.
8983	Two separate blazes started, one on each side of the Silver Dollar Café, officials said, noting the flames grew together and raced through dry grass and sage to the Hanford Nuclear Reservation.
8984	Two Stettler residents, a Big Valley resident and a Bashaw resident were charged.
8985	Two suspected armed robbers are in critical condition at the KHMH after they were shot during an armed robbery this evening in Belize City.
8986	Two-term District 3 county commission incumbent will face challenger in the Republican primary.
8987	Two weeks after his arrest, Father Ly was put on trial where he was denied access to a lawyer of his choosing.
8988	Twyla McKenney left for a visit with the Hubers in Minneapolis.
8989	“Tybalt, you rat-catcher, will you go fight me?” he challenges.
8990	Ty Davis, seventh-grader at Lakeland Junior High School in Rathdrum, Idaho, showed a heifer he plans to keep to breed.
8991	Tyler Boltz, DC, Senior: 1,004 yards rushing, 12 TD, Co RB of the Year in the WCC, 6 yards per carry average, teams top player as he plays special teams and DB as well.
8992	Tyler Torres added the PAT, 14-7, 4:00 to play in the half.
8993	Tylor Jones is a hard worker who is in her first year and she will compete in one round.
8994	Tyson Fury responds to Tony Bellew's promise and looks to Belfast for next fight'The small ones, I don't like them.
8995	UCLA, Oregon State, and Stanford were all also ranked in the top-25, coming in at No. 10, No. 12, and No. 16 respectively.
8996	UCMC treats minor emergency and urgent situations ranging from basic lacerations that require stitches or tissue adhesives to run-of-the-mill sprains and strains.
8997	Uday Chopra's 'nonsensity' on social mediaVajpayee rushed to AIIMS, condition ‘critical’
8998	Uh-oh, the government has a problem with that one.
8999	Uli’s older brother, Cuauhtémoc, is forced to give up an athletic scholarship and drop out of school three months before graduating.
9000	Ultimately leading to a lack of consistency in selection and cohesion on the pitch.
9001	Ultimately, the level of the Trade Unions advocacy has to be improved to be able to adequately represent the workers.
9002	Undefeated ladder leads have four while premiers Leeton have three.
9003	Under Carpenter’s plan, the Freda Markley Center and Ervin (expected to be renamed the Ervin Early Learning Center) will house pre-school and kindergarten students.
9004	Under Cojuangco, Philippine sports suffered terribly.
9005	Under him it is a notorious fact that recruitment into the rank and file of the army has been blatantly skewed against Muslims, North and South.
9006	Under normal circumstances, MU as a Central university should have followed the Central norm, but the Central government as the university’s paymaster has in 2012 recommended changes to suit the state’s own norm.
9007	Under our law, Congress has requested that consular services support themselves and that has been the reason for the increase.
9008	Under pressure from protesters and politicians after Hernandez's death, the Miami Beach Police Department commissioned an external audit of its policies, including Taser use.
9009	Under the arrangement, the students spend a half-hour with their mentor, out of the classroom setting but on school grounds, once a week.
9010	“Under the EU mechanism for distributing 160,000 refugees Hungary would have to take in just 1,294 people currently living in Greece and Italy.
9011	Under the new agreement, IAI will lease several UAV systems starting in November and until the beginning of 2018 for intelligence gathering purposes.
9012	Under the peace deal, former FARC guerrillas will retrain as forest guardians or may find other jobs in conservation, perhaps playing new roles in the story of Crax alberti.
9013	Under the plan, Huishang will evolve into a regional bank pursuing excellent quality and great growth value.
9014	Under the program, swimmers aged from 9 to 13 years, who accomplish times set by Swimming Australia, qualify at Gold, Silver, Bronze or Green standard, depending on their best performances during the season.
9015	Unemployment is officially at 14% and per capita income is officially $2200/year.
9016	Unfortunately, Americans play the chessboard as if it were Monopoly.
9017	Unfortunately, I had to crush her dreams before I could even begin on this mission to ‘fun.'
9018	Unfortunately, many states -- including Virginia -- have no such law, and the Federal laws do not include violent boyfriends and exes.
9019	Unfortunately people's true mandate was not reflected in the allocation of seats due to unrealistic and horrendous proportionate system.
9020	Unfortunately, the Founders also presumed that people charged with making electoral decisions in our representative democracy would have a quite different goal than many today.
9021	Unfortunately, Tony reinjured his back in October 1999 when a company bus he was on jolted up and down on a curb.
9022	Unhealthy diets were generally short-lived because of the poor results.
9023	“Unions can be reactive, but if we could be proactive, then we would be happy to have discussions.
9024	Unions have also come under pressure to adopt government perspectives on economic policy.
9025	United Kingdom and United States sanctions against Zimbabwe illustrate the "warm-up" approach, followed by a "knock-out" punch.
9026	Unity and acceptance across all religions is paramount to him as he believes that we must be our brother’s keeper.
9027	“University of Regina students are more discerning than most Canadians.”
9028	University Union hosted their annual Block Party in the Carrier Dome on Friday night, featuring DJ Orange Calderón, SZA and Gucci Mane.
9029	Univision’s Juan Lorenzana Pieto was in need of medical assistance but wasn’t seriously injured, as was evidenced as he posed with his gift sporting a bandage on his head wound.
9030	Unless they're either an accountant, finance professional, or an entrepreneur.
9031	Unlike the East, they were operating in territory which was completely unfamiliar and totally hostile.
9032	U. N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon says he hopes Haiti's presidential runoff elections Sunday will proceed smoothly and in a credible and transparent manner.
9033	Unsurprisingly, liberal Egyptian women want to protect what hard-won gains, relatively few and precarious as they may be, the feminist movement has made, and to try to build on them.
9034	Until self-driving vehicles are tested on actual roads for tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of miles it will not be possible to evaluate their safety relative to human-operated vehicles.
9035	Until the 1990s it was a state agency and its history is closely linked with that of the Czechoslovak state.
9036	Until the fog began to clear to reveal that it is a three-cornered race after all – with three-term Tagbilaran City Councilor Dandan Bantugan coming in silently but strongly behind the two.
9037	Until the government receives confirmation of e-cigarette benefits, it would continue treating them as other tobacco products.
9038	Until the next surgery, that is.
9039	Unto every of you have we given a law, and an open path; and if Allah had pleased, he had surely made you one people; but he hath thought it fit to give you different laws, that he might try you in that which he hath given you respectively.
9040	Uploading another snap from her getaway, Liz appeared in her element soaking up the sun.
9041	Upon arrival Fire and Medic units declared the victim, 80-year-old Ralph Hightower of Lakeland deceased of apparent blunt force trauma.
9042	Upon arrival, the child was immediately transported to Desert View Hospital and was eventually revived and stabilized.
9043	Upper Canada is becoming something new and very interesting, but at the same time it is losing its memory of the North.
9044	Uribe and Cano have maintained that their hope for the series was to tell the story through the eyes of his victims.
9045	Usage of a time fuse also seems out of the question, since not only the murderers, but also Vazagashvili himself likely didn’t know when he would arrive at his son’s grave.
9046	"USAID is proud of this important achievement and looks forward to continuing our support for biodiversity conservation in Haiti and the greater Caribbean Region.
9047	USAID’s Agricultural Credit Enhancement project seeks to expand access to agriculture-related credit to increase commercial viability of small- and medium-size farms and agribusinesses as a necessary condition for a thriving agricultural economy.
9048	Used car prices cool in May but remain near record levelsLondonlovesBusiness.
9049	Used garments from Western brands were given another chance in Poland before the emergence of import-export firms including Wtórpol and Roban.
9050	User Udugu Wa Kiislamu regularly posts news bulletins from the ISIS-affiliated Wilayat News Network (WNN).
9051	U.S. experts in Canada say that much of the Canadian oil sent to East Texas for minimal refinement could supply us with up to 20 million barrels per day.
9052	US First Lady Michelle Obama on Monday told the Democratic convention in Philadelphia that Hillary Clinton was the one candidate ready to be president, as she poured scorn on Donald Trump's behaviour and temperament.
9053	Using a floured rolling pin, roll one disc of pastry on a floured surface into a 12-in. circle.
9054	Using a fork fluff the quinoa so it separates.
9055	Using a potato masher, lightly crush the peas with the butter and season with salt and pepper.
9056	Using location tracking, it pops up these updates as you step into a mall.
9057	Using their Letter of Recognition for Refugee Status, Eritrean children can actually enroll in public school.
9058	"Using voice-recognition technology, Digital Democracy will let people search committee-hearing video archives by keyword, topic, speaker or date."
9059	USIP was founded by the US congress 35 years ago in the early 80s as a non-partisan, independent federal institute.
9060	USN, 76, of Indian Head, died Sunday, June 5, 2016 in the Bethlen Home.
9061	Us non-users should have rights too, because nine times out of 10, the weed smokers have no idea that us non-users can smell it on them, their vehicles and homes.
9062	US officials said the Taliban envoys in Doha had been authorised to talk by Mullah Omar, the main Taliban figurehead, and that Haqqani's group is "a fully subordinate part of the overall insurgency".
9063	U.S. taxpayers paid for 5,000 cans of spray paint used by student activists to scrawl anti-Milosevic graffiti on walls across Serbia, and 2.5 million stickers with the slogan “He’s Finished,” which became the revolution’s catchphrase.”
9064	U.S. troops in Afghanistan are relying more and more on the superior noses of military working dogs to sniff out deadly improvised explosive devices.
9065	“Usually as a coach, you’re looking to replace kids who are graduating and your team has already established its identity and what its strengths and weaknesses are, and you’re filling holes.
9066	Usually he leaves that job to his right hand man, President Martin Lau Chi-ping, and other executives, but when it came to the Communist Party's strategic initiative on urging foreign-listed tech companies to list at home, Ma jumped in.
9067	U.S. Women's National Team's Julie Ertz complains about a call in Sandy on Thursday, June 7, 2018.
9068	VA expects to make the app available to all Veterans by early 2017.
9069	Valery Shantsev went on saying that substituting imported agricultural machines is very important for Nizhny Novgorod Oblast.
9070	Valley Center was fifth in the 4x100-meter relay, fourth in the 4x200 and third in the 4x400.
9071	Vancouver lawyer Kyla Lee and her firm, Acumen Law Corp., claimed at trial that a Google Plus review calling her the “worstest lawyer” led to a decline in client calls.
9072	Vancouver tied the game up at 4-4 with nine minutes and seven seconds left.
9073	Vannessa has been reported in the press to be ready to go ahead with mining an estimated 600,000 ounces of gold despite what the president says.
9074	Vargas said floods have become a persistent, inevitable, and global problem due to the impact of climate change.
9075	Various activities were held across Vietnam in response to the World Environment Day (June 5) this year, themed “Resolving pollution caused by plastic and nylon”.
9076	Various congressional committees worked on drafting multiple versions of the bill that would become the Affordable Care Act ― a lengthy process that took over a year.
9077	Various food specials.
9078	Various religious backgrounds will be represented as people from all over the U.S. and Canada travel to John Brown University to attend the Paradosis Conference.
9079	Various scenes of the fire Thursday and Friday which destroyed Fine Swine Bar-B-Que in Woodbury.
9080	Various small TV roles followed as a hooker, a vampire woman and lifeguard before she won a part in the Broadway production of Buddy The Buddy Holly Story.
9081	Vengeful witches attempting to blow up puppies.
9082	Versatile actor Johnny Depp is seen romancing Hollywood beauty Angelina Jolie in their new movie The Tourist but Depp admits kissing the actress was easy.
9083	Versions of Australian pop classics ‘Down Under’ by Men at Work and ‘You’re the Voice’ by John Farnham were also performed.
9084	Vertical refers to the long and short parts of your body from head to floor.
9085	Very close friends of the family would always come from Pittsburgh to visit and we would spend the day and evening together.
9086	Very suspicious though.
9087	VIBE magazine teams with Hong Kong based B2 Music to launch a new "Best of Asian Hip Hop" series.
9088	Vickers said FOL sent more than US$150,000 in grants to local organizations in the country to keep communities safe and provide needs for victims.
9089	Victoria Vivians scored 22 points and second-ranked Mississippi State remained in position to add a Southeastern Conference Tournament title to its regular-season championship, beating No. 15 Texas A&M 70-55 on.
9090	Video essays are beautifully crafted arguments that focus on film and popular culture.
9091	“Vietnam needs to patiently pursue the new growth model based on productivity and innovation,” he said.
9092	Vince Cate visited the Sandy Ground site and reports that they are finding a great deal of Amerindian material.
9093	Violations found: C — need ice surrounding sour cream, butter, etc., in containers, hand sink must not be blocked with dirty equipment, corrected; NC — wiping cloths must be stored in sanitizing solution between uses, corrected.
9094	Violence at the site has flared in the past year as Palestinians have been riled by visits by non-Muslims, including ultranationalist Jews, to the compound.
9095	Virges lives in Houlka, and works with kindergarten and special needs children.
9096	VIRGIN Media has asked Ofcom to pause the auction of TV rights for Premier League football.
9097	Visitation will be held Friday, April 22 from 5 to 7 p.m. at Hasemann Funeral Home in Wayne.
9098	Visiting hours currently vary depending on the ward while just children's services, maternity services, and the intensive care units operate unrestricted visiting.
9099	Visitors from at least a dozen states and Canada converged on the Pennsylvania Lumber Museum in central Potter County for the two-day Bark Peelers Festival.
9100	Visitors increased 4.9 percent to 233,400, spending $283 million, up 9.1 percent.
9101	Visitors will also be treated to a top-notch, interactive trick rope show.
9102	Visit for more information.
9103	Vladimir Putin approved a composition of the Public Chamber of the Russian Federation.
9104	Vodafone Group CEO Vittorio Colao said the company is "committed to accelerating and deepening inve.
9105	Volunteers for the build are welcome to spend a day, a week, or more helping the family and other Habitat volunteers build the home.
9106	Volunteers include Army personnel, DeSuups, government and corporate officials, including few private individuals are working near the rivers.
9107	Volunteers preparing food at the kitchen in Shah Alam.
9108	Volunteers with Keep Utopia Beautiful (KUB) recently received a prestigious - and lucrative - environmental award.
9109	Volunteers with the Kenmare Fire Department also participated in training with Minot Central Dispatch last week.
9110	Vote Conservative, protect our values!
9111	Vote for your favorite couple now or during the event!
9112	Voters in five assembly districts chose their representatives for the assembly Tuesday.
9113	Voting locations were open until 4:30 p.m. Saturday.
9114	VW’s infotainment features an eight-inch glass touchscreen, located high on the dash, with bright, hi-res graphics, predictive icons, Apple CarPlay,/Android Auto, seamless Bluetooth and two USBs, but no stand-alone voice control or navigation.
9115	Wachs, D-Eau Claire, represents the 91st AD.
9116	“Wahhabism is fundamental to the Islamic State’s ideology,” said Cole Bunzel, a scholar of Wahhabi history at Princeton University and the author of a recent paper on Saudi Arabia and the Islamic State.
9117	Wahlberg was also part of a number of concentrated efforts to revitalize downtown Bay Shore over the years.
9118	Wait for an upper caste-on-Dalit atrocity.
9119	Waking up for the first day of his new school was “pretty straight forward” for Year 8 student Ben Norton, who had finished Year 7 at Nudgee Junior College.
9120	Walking football referee Jonathan Sinfield from Harpenden.
9121	Walk north on Cadman, past some mansions built on the leafy hillside, and enter the woods.
9122	Walter M. Brasch - a former sports writer, sports editor, and public affairs/investigative reporter - is a university professor of journalism, social issues columnist, and the author of 17 books.
9123	Walter Thoemmes receives the Developer of the Year Award for Kamehameha Schools.
9124	Wannabe glamour model Mitzeee is desperate for fame and fortune and while the boys in the village can’t help but fall in love with her, she has her sights set much higher.
9125	Wanna get those temps even higher?
9126	Want to wreak havoc as Vader?
9127	Warren Buffett got it right—again.
9128	Wash and add rice to cowpeas, add salt and coconut oil; stir it and cover to cook for 25minutes checking on the water level to avoid burning.
9129	Wash and separate lettuce leaves, serve ¼ cup BBQ Chicken on lettuce leaves.
9130	WASHINGTON, D.C. — President George Bush has praised efforts by Colombian President Alvaro Uribe to crack down on terrorism in the South American country.
9131	WASHINGTON -- During an April 11 homily in Washington, Salvadoran Archbishop Jose Luis Escobar Alas said the canonization of Blessed Oscar Romero will “probably” be in Rome and “probably” take place at end of October after a meeting of bishops.
9132	Washington has shown signs of shrugging off its role as a world leader, and nations such as Russia and China, which do not see Western humanitarian values as universal, wield growing global clout.
9133	WASHINGTON - The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) encourages America's farmers and ranchers to nominate candidates to lead, serve and represent their community on their local county committee.
9134	WATCH: After a flurry of tweets from U.S. President Donald Trump slamming Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and calling him "dishonest and weak," Ontario Premier-designate Doug Ford said he stands "shoulder to shoulder" with Trudeau because jobs are at stake.
9135	Watching as the two-time Paralympic silver medallist really got up to speed with hitting partner Josh Weeds was a further reminder of the levels he is striving for.
9136	Watch the edges of the fritters; the edges should turn brown when ready to be flipped.
9137	Watch the videos produced by Milo Guillén ’15—one of Besteman speaking to the larger problems the Somali Bantu story illuminates, and another about Colby students living and working with African immigrants in Portland, Maine, in January—at colby.
9138	· Water-resistant pouch: A day on the boat or near the water requires gear that can get wet without soiling items stored inside.
9139	WAWA, Ont. – Four people have died following a highway crash near Wawa.
9140	Wayfinding signage “is a big deal for coming off the Interstate.
9141	Wayland is exploring several potential ideas as to what this position may look like and will be working with her advisory board over the summer to address these strategic goals.
9142	Wayne and Brooke Cook announce the birth of their daughter Allison Elizabeth Cook, on May 2, in Great Bend.
9143	We agree that bus transportation is one of the most environmentally friendly modes offered.
9144	We aim to be the largest."
9145	We all have to be ready to fish hard when the time is finally right.
9146	We all must collectively condemn terrorism in a unified and strong voice.
9147	We all remember in 2013, when Kelly—a journeyman politician since 1980—became deputy mayor during the stormiest stretch of the Rob Ford mayoralty.
9148	“We all stepped up after halftime,” Johnson said.
9149	“We all thought that this would be a good move to make textbooks more affordable as one of the leading costs in college lives,” Hurst said.
9150	We all work together, and we are proud to be a key member of the Staffordshire business and tourism community."
9151	We all would like to think of Louisiana as “Silicon Bayou,” but the fact remains that the current talent pool of tech workers is far below other competing cities and states across the country.
9152	“We along with the council reiterated the point that they need to be free and fair elections, but they also need to include every ethnic community so that it is inclusive and moves forward to being something that represents the people,” Haley said.
9153	We also have to pay for travel and help.”
9154	We also held three seminars and a special meeting of the board of directors to discuss the theme.
9155	We also plan to grow in the business, at the moment in 2010 the capacity is 3.2 MMt but we expected to 5.3 MMt by Q1’11 and 5.8 MMt by end of 2011.
9156	We also start to see more crop estimates released, and undoubtedly the debate that comes with them.
9157	We also stressed the importance of enhancing national connectivity as it is an integral part of regional connectivity.
9158	"We always look forward to coming to Malaysia for this graduation ceremony, as we have a strong relationship with this country dating back more than 50 years," Professor McWha said.
9159	We always play golf with Joan and Harry and they are such great company.
9160	We always take what it would be like to do something big and having that vision.
9161	We and our service providers may use analytics cookies, which are sometimes called performance cookies, to collect information about your use of the Site and enable us to improve the way it works.
9162	“We are absolutely committed to do better on cancer.
9163	We are a country that, from any angle, is unfortunately submersed in violence.
9164	We are also going to build a 200ft pier into the sea and that will be a 200 ft by 30 ft pier and that will allow for interaction with the water.
9165	“We are always open to talk constructively about what is happening and to address questions about our operations,” said Rundle.
9166	We are asking to hear from them.
9167	We are a university, which is proud of its education and its research.
9168	“We are deeply aware of the fact that responsible stewardship of the earth is a charge from God our creator, who has entrusted it to our care,” McShane said in a statement.
9169	We are delighted that Ballinamore have come on board this year.
9170	We are expecting that trend to continue.”
9171	“We are extremely honored to win this award, as we feel it really highlights our efforts to make it easier for our EuroBonus members to access and redeem their points.
9172	We are forgetting who we are as Bolivians.’
9173	We are going to have this demonstration tomorrow, it's a peaceful protest.
9174	We are going to have to be ready to look at it differently."
9175	We are in 2018 and though French is a beautiful language its useless ( unless you want to eat poetry or baudelaiire, insitead of food ) in comparison to knowing English.
9176	We are in the hospital suffering,” Deivis’ mother, Sandra Galindez, told me and my colleagues.
9177	“We are looking for independent and confident young people who may be considering a career in health care or who want to explore this avenue of community service,” Linda Simonsen, HCM Volunteer Coordinator said.
9178	We are making good ( well we hope that it proves to be good) use of these windows in the living/dining room area and the bedroom on the First Floor and in one of the bedrooms on the Ground Floor.
9179	“We are making progress on the European source market, which still retains a great potential for us," stated Carolina Briones, Director General of the Central America Tourism Agency (CATA) at ITB Berlin.
9180	We are moved in and settled… Now we can focus on our house, look at our staff … and have opportunity to allow administration to address (issues such as morale,” he said.
9181	We are NOT going to raise a baby out of wedlock!
9182	“We are not quitters.”
9183	We are not suggesting that any but the most experienced investors look at EISs and SEISs.
9184	We are not sure for how long we can keep protecting you as we protected your predecessors.
9185	We are not the world's poverty babysitters.
9186	“We are participating in research that we expect will provide even more evidence in this realm,” Jennings said.
9187	We are pleased that they are in such a good position, and we will do our best to further increase bilateral political relations.
9188	“We are proposing several uses of the courtyard to make it a more educational learning environment, while also addressing some drainage issues that occur from the roof,” he said.
9189	We are proud of our contribution to the growth and development of healthcare in Qatar and proud to be part of the private sector’s active partnership in achieving the developmental goals of Qatar.”
9190	“We are really pleased with the response from the community.”
9191	We are reviewing every incident and will take appropriate action."
9192	We are running more and more trains all the time and that is what is causing the problem, the capacity on the track.
9193	"We are the ones who need help," said Mr. Robles.
9194	We are the repository for every species and plant found in Hawaii.
9195	We are till date yet to see a five (5) inches cement block laid for the first of the 200 senior high schools as promised ahead of elections 2012.
9196	“We are very excited to partner with California Solar Electric and Coastal Solar for this year’s program,” said Litten.
9197	We are very much aware about his visit this time with a kind of decision look like coming from nowhere but just decided by themselves with a hurry without announcing earlier as it was the case his visit to Kenya.
9198	We are very proud of the work and effort our students put into their program,” Sanchez said.
9199	“We are working together with our partners to improve this.”
9200	“We are worried since the levels of hygiene at these camps are wanting.
9201	Wearing the yellow daffodil on my lapel, I find daily interactions have opened conversational avenues in ways I never imagined.
9202	We, as European football players, express our solidarity with the people of Gaza who are living under siege and denied basic human dignity and.
9203	Weather permitting, the observers will have a lot to look at in their two minutes.
9204	We began the year with a peace process.
9205	We believe that these technologies have great potential, and we welcome the Belarusian investments in this area,” Eduard Muricky said.
9206	We believe that the steps we are taking today will directly affect the world, the economy and the quality of life in decades to come.”
9207	“We believe that the way to achieve that objective is to partner with great brands.”
9208	Weber says that despite the strides that the economy has made over the past year, many citizens - particularly senior citizens - are still struggling with the impact of the Great Recession.
9209	“We came across the amazing work of pioneers like Daphne Oram back in the 1940s and 50s — she pushed ahead with the development of electronic works, and even built her own synthesiser before they had really taken off,” Melania Jack said.
9210	“We came here with a playoff mentality, and we played like the playoffs have started,” said Caribous’ head coach Rebecca Russell following Sunday’s 5-3 win.
9211	“We came out in the third period, we were ready to play, and we had some unlucky bounces.
9212	We came out on top in this one and it felt good to get the win.
9213	We camped outside the town, just within view of the Turkish fort on the hill, and beside huge middens of shells, gathered from the mangroves as sustenance for an unknown people long ago.
9214	We can never tell the South African music story without giving him a prominent mention.”
9215	We cannot let “America First” result in “America Last”.
9216	We cannot separate economics from education, history has taught me.”
9217	We cannot stop the larger climate change alone.
9218	“We can safely say that our men and women in uniform can work with greater hope in all parts of the country.
9219	We can talk about your opinion piece next time I come to visit, but I must decline being on the podcast.
9220	We can’t quite fathom this lack of attachment, this ignorance of the outcome of reproduction.
9221	We certainly could not hold this event without their support.
9222	``We certainly maintain discretion,'' Russ Knocke said.
9223	"We could have been a bit more comfortable but we came here and got three good points.
9224	We could set up several trailer parks.
9225	Wedding coordinators: yes or no?
9226	We decide on the basis of our own calculations.
9227	We desperately need to spend more on health, public services and education.
9228	“We did not have a good option for the individual in their 80s or who had other high risk features that made open heart surgery dangerous for them.
9229	"We did our best and we had some opportunities."
9230	Wednesday, April 06, 2016Israelis are having a tough time pegging Donald Trump.
9231	Wednesday, August 16, 2017Excitedly families stood in anticipation as the food packages were distributed.
9232	Wednesday morning saw heaving periods of rain as dawn arrived, and rain was predicted for Thursday and Friday before the moisture was expected to push out of the area.
9233	Wednesday on the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives, Rep. Mo Brooks (R-AL), previously a candidate for U.S. Senate in Alabama, announced he has “high-risk prostate cancer” and will undergo surgery later this week.
9234	Wednesday, the Fund of Economic and Social Assistance (FAES), has received a donation of school kits of Government of Vietnam via the Natcom.
9235	We do a lot of our baking on site.
9236	We do have a plan, though, to make it look like jobs are only lost by attrition, while in fact we're going to prune the instructional staff by a good 25 percent."
9237	We do have a two percent merit raise for all (city employees) who qualify — no four percent — but all limited to two percent.”
9238	We don’t always agree on everything, but one thing we can agree on is that Dad’s greatest accomplishment (other than the miraculous game winning recall of Mark McGwire during an epic battle of trivial pursuit) was raising his five children.
9239	“We don't doubt the sincerity of Mr. Phillips' convictions.
9240	We don’t even really know for sure how much he did pay.
9241	We don't have room," he said.
9242	We don’t need more big ideas.
9243	We don’t randomly pick prices.
9244	“We don’t receive any inspections from the Ministry of Manpower in these hills, as these quarries are part of the informal sector.
9245	We don’t understand each other.”
9246	We don’t want to be incorrectly liberalizing or allowing the fishery to continue when the runs are very small like this.”
9247	We do the research, help you get your website designers to redo your website according to a plan that allows for the best possible search results to be found.
9248	Weeks ago videos circulated on social media of public members assaulting suspects claiming to be doing so because the courts fail them.
9249	We even provide hands-on training classes to better prepare you for the season!
9250	We examine the authenticity of trademark applications.
9251	We expected a tough beginning but still believed we could play in the finals, which we did.
9252	"We expected that," she said.
9253	“We felt that, over time, fundraising had maybe taken priority over reading and writing at BookFest, and that we should think more about hands-on book-related activities for the kids,” says Peter Laughton, festival organizer.
9254	We fight because we are in our own nation - we don’t want to fight with Jakarta, but we have to defend ourselves.
9255	“We found that by focusing on technique first and building up fundamentals, our athletes’ speed naturally increases.”
9256	We further recognize the tireless work undertaken by IGAD Special Envoy Ismail Wais and the High Level Facilitators to bring the parties together and the inclusion of a number of civil society organizations and women representatives at the Forum.
9257	We gave them our tax money -- eight billion-with-a-'B' dollars.
9258	“We got a confirmation of acknowledgment back from the Department of Communications, so this issue is firmly now on their table and I won’t be letting it go away.
9259	“We got a goot chance to look at a lot of kids and most of them got a lot of playing time.”
9260	We had 103 in Sunday school today including two visitors.
9261	We had a glass of Turkish Ephesus red and white.
9262	We had an actual number of venues we needed and square footage.
9263	“We had good weather.
9264	“We had people for a generation that didn’t have health care.
9265	“We had to remove the roof off the cabin and help extract the driver,” he said.
9266	We hate to lose subscribers so when you get the yellow notice respond by the end of the month.
9267	“We have a couple of our junior members that have came in just for certain particular roles that required a younger cast member for,” said Smith.
9268	We have a duty to ourselves to be pro-active.
9269	''We have a large number of exciting attacking players to add to our existing group, as well as a whole new defensive line and goalkeeper to bolster the squad.
9270	We have all been impacted by cancer; my mom died of the disease in 1999, six months after I became a father for the first time.
9271	"We have also met the panchayat minister to brief him about how the compound wall of the church of this sect is of a height above the permissible limit.
9272	We have always been a nation of motivation and ingenuity.
9273	We have always worked to be a positive force on campus, collaborating with other student organizations and supporting their efforts in a spirit of sincere respect and cooperation.
9274	We have a street outreach team and we work hard to make sure there is civility in our streets.
9275	“We have been taught by the UN about international law.”
9276	We have been told most of them constitute the ever-busy business types.
9277	We have good reason to believe that university lecturers are coming closely behind with another industrial action.
9278	“We have had in-depth discussions with many experts about manned lunar exploration, and conducted research on key technologies in recent years,” Zhou said.
9279	“We have never given up on our national responsibility to preserve the safety and security of our country.
9280	We have never ignored Sardar Patel’s contribution.
9281	We haven’t even talked about the main events yet, which will be fierce competitive matches with boxers you have seen on national television several times and many who have fought for world titles.
9282	We have professional malware launched from a server in Turkey.
9283	“We have proven we can do great things with our existing facilities,” said head football coach Todd Knight, who emceed the event.
9284	We have some very polluted creeks feeding into our river,” Sullivan says.
9285	“We have taken out 30 regime checkpoints in Qusayr.
9286	“We have the chance for a very good decision, at the end of June, on debt relief, as well as the framework for a post-memorandum surveillance,” German Finance Minister Olaf Scholz said on Tuesday in an interview.
9287	“We have to speak (about injustices), because to not speak about it means that we’re giving it tacit approval,” she said.
9288	We hear the words, “it’s my right” bandied about on television, but wonder how many people really know what their “rights” actually are.
9289	We hope kids from Kansas will go to Israel and we will take them to our summer camp.
9290	We hope Malala can avoid being manipulated on China-related issues while striving for education equality and the global human rights cause.
9291	“We hope that it will initiate a more informed debate about what represents fair, proportionate pay for workers at all levels,” he said.
9292	We hope this could someday lead to a new way for people with diabetes to manage their disease.”
9293	Weighing three tonnes and with a diameter of about seven meters the circular metal sculpture was unveiled next to the courthouse in Kranj, about 30 kilometers (20 miles) north of the capital Ljubljana.
9294	We increased the salary.
9295	Weiner, in his later presentation, said that current county government "has tried to make up for all the mistakes of the past."
9296	We introduced this behavior, enabled it, and encouraged it.
9297	We just have to give him time.”
9298	We keep hustling and focusing on our careers, but then we realize a whole year has gone by and we haven’t done any of the things we’ve wanted to experience for ourselves.
9299	We knew eventually his cows would be pushed out of the park completely and he took a dim view of the new economy of mountain bike recreation.
9300	“We knew it was going to go Liberal or NDP.
9301	We know that all this was based on money, on benefits to individuals.
9302	We know the difference that our support makes to the thousands of people involved in the wide range of events and activities, but we also know that none of it would happen without all those who organise, volunteer and officiate.
9303	We, Krikorian and Taylor, have already undertaken some relevant studies on some of the photographs and this work will surface one day.
9304	Welcome to ABC’s new era.
9305	Welcome to the Algarve Daily News Classifieds section!
9306	Welcoming the probe, he said the truth would finally come out now and Khaunte would ultimately be exposed.
9307	We learn from Neurologist Doctor Kore Liow about breakthroughs in research and treatment.
9308	We leave the CETA process looking like a competent, dependable trading partner, a reputation that will pay dividends in the future.
9309	We left the room at about 1 a.m. with our heads low and our hearts heavy.
9310	We let that slide.
9311	We lived in Arlington, SD near Lake Oakwood.
9312	“We live here because we want to,” said Warwick.
9313	We live in a pornographised culture where we say ‘YES’ to giant billboards of women in lingerie advertising perfume or home loans as morally ‘safe’ but ‘NO’ to a naked woman or man on a public beach bending over to pick up their towel.
9314	We live in a subdivision and were shocked to see the foxes.
9315	“We live in a world that has forgotten life is good and should be treasured.”
9316	“We’ll begin with brief presentations from our subcommittees.” said Matt Taecker, the city planner hired to work on the new downtown plan.
9317	Well, do you have evidence?
9318	We’ll have a full-sized one for the pulpit.
9319	“We’ll have to prioritize,” he said.
9320	“Well, I can see you thinking that, but it was a headset malfunction is why we had to call the timeout.
9321	Well, I’m showing off my knowledge here to illustrate why the entire premise of “Connie and Carla” (Universal) is flawed.
9322	Wellinformed parents are usually delighted when they don’t need to fill the prescription and everyone’s a winner.
9323	Well I really liked reading it.
9324	We’ll just make a quick mention of the all day options.
9325	Well known travel writer Rick Steves is busy writing his guidebook Rick Steve's Iceland, On his blog however he's published a few budget tips for Iceland travels.
9326	Well look, here’s the deal on that, folks: Many of these ancient statues were carved and installed way before airplanes were even built, and once built, few of them could even fly very high.
9327	Wellness Medical Supplies offers medical equipment rental options for those in need of short-term assistance.
9328	We'll see a bigger cool down and the chance for some heavy snow across parts of Colorado.
9329	Well, that's it for now.
9330	Well the good news doesn't end there.
9331	Well, the rain certainly did not keep anyone away this past holiday weekend.
9332	Well, they didn’t start it, but they ended it.
9333	Well USA playing Portugal and Turks and Caicos Islands facing Barbados.
9334	Well, you are wrong.
9335	"We look forward to continuing our preparation in Australia so we can be ready for the challenges of the tournament.
9336	We look forward to having the opportunity to reiterate to the Fortis board and management the strength and significant synergies available to Fortis through a combination with Manipal,” Manipal Health Enterprises Pvt.
9337	We lost to Wigan in the final, but the 'semi' win was special."
9338	We love that the name is both strong and charming.
9339	“We made an effort to promote relations between Iran and Brazil in public and private sectors and we are capable of having useful bilateral relations,” he concluded.
9340	“We made changes in terms of the shape and dynamic of the team at half-time and I thought the boys were brilliant in the second half.
9341	We made some plays.
9342	We may update these Terms and Conditions from time to time and any changes will be notified to you via a suitable announcement on the Site.
9343	We met in the alley and then walked awhile along the Boulevard and decided to sit down somewhere.
9344	We might be tempted to think that suicide should be no more of a problem than abortion, but the guilt and shame of it isolate us more because in the postmodern world, suicide is a failure and abortion is merely a choice.
9345	We must all be restrained, sue for peace and try to talk our differences out like civilised people do rather than exchanging blows and indulging in violence.
9346	We must also adopt ways of conserving all the water that is in our reservoirs so that it is harnessed for irrigation and boost yields in the event of poor seasons," he said.
9347	We must be respectful of the fact that even small changes in the trace gases could catastrophically alter our atmosphere.
9348	We must continue to take measures to eliminate those whose actions would destroy our nation and people’s peace.
9349	We must draw the lessons from what occurred in Haiti -- the massive, spontaneous, generous help was a good response to the disaster.
9350	We must get the world to stop degrading our oceans and seas.
9351	We must he concerned over the fate of small islands now facing the threat of rising sea levels caused by the melting of the ice sheets near the North and South Poles.
9352	We must therefore begin in earnest to contemplate measures to adapt to and defend against these consequences.
9353	We must trust ourselves in the hands of God.
9354	Wendell J. (Windy) Thompson, 85, of Lansing, went home to the Lord on February 13, 2018, while surrounded by his loving family.
9355	We need clarity on the meaning of life.
9356	"We need to be very, very careful with our engine of growth, not to take out the spark plugs," Pallister said in an interview.
9357	"We need to change the model of economic development.
9358	“We need to get a letter of approval from the EPD to make it a viable option,” Grant said.
9359	We need to limit radio station ownership to no more than 20 stations.
9360	We need to move on towards the brighter future.
9361	“We need to stop selling them off and demolishing but more importantly we need to create mixed communities and that’s what’s been destroyed by this Labour council over the last eight years.”
9362	We need your support to be able to protect your from men like these."
9363	We now have a yard sign up for Daniel Hansen for the same reason.
9364	We offer exciting centre-based activities and adventurous out-trips and swimming all tied into fantastic weekly programs.
9365	We of the Land of the Pure are by now so benumbed that – having been hit by the price hike of several every day commodities – nothing appears to shock us any more.
9366	“We played a real decent last 20 minutes.
9367	We probably spent three months on it.
9368	“We proposed that the country should adopt a federal system but the proposal ignored it and supported the government position,” Manawa said.
9369	We put in a bagging system last year so we can bag whole corn, cracked corn and sunflower seed.”
9370	We raised their salaries a few months ago.”
9371	We reached Crist on his way to New York.
9372	We’re a choir, we’re in Qatar and we give concerts of all kinds, so the new name says exactly what’s in the tin.”
9373	"We're a firm of professionals, and our goal is to add value to our clients' businesses," says Paul Caron, co-owner and director of services.
9374	We’re a Kiwi owned company that’s all about helping you enjoy good coffee.
9375	“We really needed to get down to 140 to make it small enough to continue to sort of hold the line in terms of our entering LSAT and undergraduate GPA scores,” said Craig Boise, dean of C-M Law.
9376	“We really wanted to focus on our defense,” said Stephens.
9377	“We’re blessed to have Sybil,” Ferraro said of her new boss.
9378	“We’re forcing our residents to contribute, forcing them to tighten their belts more and more,” Hummel said.
9379	"We're getting a stake, we're getting cash, we're getting a profit on this deal, and the two staffs will merge and work as one staff," Kostin told reporters, without commenting on the price of the deal.
9380	We're here for that, no need to be shy."
9381	“We’re just getting started tonight!” he beamed.
9382	"We're just good friends, and he's been incredibly loyal to me," Paxton in a 1998 interview.
9383	“We’re not in the business of trading good players for prospects when your team has a chance to win the (Stanley) Cup.
9384	"We're not saying the drought caused the war," Dr. Richard Seager, a climate scientist at Columbia University's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory who co-authored the study.
9385	We’re not unique.
9386	Weren't you the one who characterized M50 as a "stable" source of funds.
9387	“We’re part of the continent, we’re part of Africa,” said Twala.
9388	“We’re paying close to $6,000 a month in mortgage and rental expenses,” she added.
9389	“We’re planning to push the whole rum thing and see how that comes out.”
9390	We're staying true to our mission and giving 2% to the foundation, our products are made in our backyard, and we guarantee our product forever, no questions asked."
9391	“We’re still ignoring the fact that the price for food on campus just in general is quite high,” he said.
9392	We're the children of this.
9393	Were they considered likely to succeed or more of a long shot?
9394	“We’re working to develop a framework that celebrates Montana’s dual constitutional rights to transparent government and individual privacy,” Abel said.
9395	We’re wrapping up the technical report on that, looking at what the harbour is physically capable of.
9396	Were you the only doctor who took care of him?
9397	We say it with all conceit and arrogance: the midan is ours.
9398	We say officially because there had always been talk of retirement, as their often is after many years of dedicated service.
9399	We seem quick to forget, but speaking on the issue of housing the expected 1000 athletes and 250 officials, the Chairman indicated that there were two options being examined.
9400	We see some people trying very hard to talk and act like KK; trying very hard to be like Michael.
9401	We shall see him soon after the elections.
9402	We share border with other countries and cannot afford to just point finger at whichever direction.
9403	“We share in your grief.
9404	"We share the attorney general's concern about the opioid crisis," the company said in a statement.
9405	We should be able to get by until I was in funds again.
9406	We should be putting that money into facilities that will help Cleethorpes as a tourist destination such as public toilets."
9407	We should have just left it.
9408	We should make Texas do the same.
9409	"We should move towards being self-sufficient.
9410	We should not be using our police to as a political pawn.
9411	We shouldn't be giving tax breaks on the billions of dollars they spend on advertising - advertising that hikes up costs for consumers," Hassan said.
9412	We should start moving towards getting what belongs to us.
9413	"We shuffle our program around and try to fit all the work we need to do into seven days instead of eight," Mercedes technical director James Allison said.
9414	Wessen had complained to the Office of the Attorney General claiming that Lidet has committed a breach of conduct in taking away clients from her father’s law firm without his consent.
9415	We stand with communities across Colorado in calling on Governor Hickenlooper and the state legislature to reject any legislation that will undermine local control.”
9416	Western Washington (22-0-1) vs. Kutztown (20-4-0), 6 p.m.
9417	We suffered after Christmas from a lot of injuries and unavailability.
9418	We talk a lot about relaxing and having fun — trust the process and it will work out.”
9419	“We then start moving into the next new set of brands,” she says.
9420	We thought that we’d be playing in a small park with maybe 200 people listening.
9421	We transfer your personally identifiable information if Conley acquires or is acquired by, or merges with another company.
9422	We tried the octopus carpaccio to start, which was soft and delicate, served with the unlikely combination of truffle cream and marinated apples.
9423	We truly believe that we live in an interdependent global community and the loss of any human civilization or beliefs is a loss for the world as a whole.
9424	We used to wait for that and even though we started over in Armenia, we want to continue it here.”
9425	We’ve all been preparing for the same thing.’
9426	We’ve also previously told you how the health board has flown in consultants from Europe and as far as the Middle East to plug gaps within the service.
9427	We’ve been doing that for 12 years.
9428	We’ve been monitoring his pitch count, but he threw really well against St. Amant the other night.
9429	"We've been waiting for this for nine years and in that nine years we've built a destination, not just an association," Kennedy said.
9430	We’ve gone from one state having a photo Voter ID program in 2000 – Pence was the beneficiary.
9431	We've got amazing prizes again this year, including first class accomodations, gourmand dinner certificates, tours, activities, you name it.
9432	“We’ve got an inventory of ready to rent seniors apartments,” added Hall.
9433	We’ve gotten defendants back from Mexico, from Canada, from Europe,” said Corey.
9434	We’ve got to do a good job of selling our kids on what we’re trying to do and what we’re trying to build at Smiths Station.
9435	“We’ve had a good, long meeting today and got some things ironed out.
9436	We’ve never actually seen that.
9437	“We’ve recently finished a fabulous office makeover, and we’re having an open house to show it off,” said agency director Ronda B. Goldfein.
9438	We wanted to look at how we can increase the size of the cake so that everyone would benefit,” said Zuma.
9439	“We wanted to take away the competitive element and we just want it to be celebratory.
9440	“We want to create new ways for students to get involved where they feel they contribute in the way we operate, or in ideas they can bring forward to us,” said Hartung.
9441	"We want to deliver your $2.5 million to you before your bank closes, so you can put it in a safe place.
9442	"We want to explain to them before they leave what they can expect during this long journey, from people from their country whom we rescued," said Proactiva founder Oscar Camps.
9443	“We want to get the game in and they don’t have lights, so that is why they are coming over to play.”
9444	We want to give the market a competitive exchange rate.
9445	We want to make Finland the undisputed nexus of the world, a sort of Hollywood for gaming.
9446	We want to see a land value tax and more affordable homes.”
9447	“We warned the Liberals it was a dumb move and now the Financial Accountability Office has proven it is.”
9448	“We watched as these beams were being trucked down Blithedale,” Jovinta Addeo said.
9449	We welcome all kinds of items, all proceeds going towards helping the dogs.
9450	“We were able to get our running game back on track,” said Coach Jason Ohrt.
9451	“We were all lifted from our seats immediately and we were in a free fall.
9452	We were all looking for and expecting the snipers to be White men.
9453	We were also informed that inspections will be made, but no date or time has been provided for those inspections.
9454	“We were by the water comparing our swimwear and laughing about how ill-fitting and unsupportive our contraptions were,” the pair told news.
9455	We were lucky to return home alive.”
9456	We were more often denied permission to travel, or approval was delayed.
9457	“We were proud to take a check for $10,000 to the Veterans Home in Hopkinsville.
9458	“We were running through blood … They didn’t really have a system, so we just had to run.
9459	We will achieve full coverage of quality family planning services more quickly than planned and extend the trial program of free pre-pregnancy checkups to 60% of China's counties and county-level cities and districts.
9460	“We will be releasing the list of which games will be screened soon, on the DMU website and social media.”
9461	"We will bring in new occupiers which will be completely relevant to the shopping expectations for the Leicester catchment, and on the top deck we are adding about another 100 or so car parking spaces to relieve congestion at peak parking times."
9462	We will chip and clear all debris from site with our chipper and truck or chip it for you to use on your gardens.
9463	We will continue to search for as long as we feel that our models predict that there’s any chance of life.
9464	We will fully implement the Party's basic principle for its work related to religious affairs and bring into play the positive role of religious personages and believers in promoting economic and social development.
9465	We will keep monitoring the situation and make sure that we will be able to maintain the drive for the growth so that we could assure our target of trimming off poverty at the rate of 1% per annum.
9466	We will play carefully and safely to complete our goal," he said.
9467	We will reduce or exempt tariffs on imports from the least developed countries.
9468	We wish all our county winners and those nominated in our national categories the best of luck on May 14th.”
9469	We wish to advise supporters that the training venue, which was booked several months ago, does not have public access.
9470	We worked to gain foreign aid support from the American government for the new republic of Armenia and public support for the right of self-determination for the courageous people of Karabagh.
9471	We work within our means and there are delays and we are working to address wait time related issues.
9472	We would be a different people.’
9473	We would like to see the School Board actually make some choices.
9474	We would not exist without their commitment and generosity.
9475	We would recognize him by the presence of his kids: "My son's hair is brown and my daughter's red."
9476	“What about mixing the money?” asked Mr. Berger.
9477	What about reopening Leeston WI (Women’s Institute).
9478	What a delightful surprise to find this article in one of my favorite magazines.
9479	What are the implications of that position?
9480	What better opportunity to wear his new Super Bowl gear?
9481	What can you say has been your greatest achievement thus far?
9482	What constitutes “sacred,” and how far can this definition be stretched to halt public projects that would be largely beneficial?
9483	What difference does it make to me, as a citizen, whether it is he or the existing President, Mr. V. V. Giri?
9484	What Dirt Does Wikileaks Have on Rupert Murdoch?
9485	What does it all mean for European unity?
9486	Whatever section whether that be womens/mens/childrens/books its best to start from the top of the rail/shelf and work your way through.
9487	Whatever the age or occasion, there is something for all the family.
9488	Whatever tools you encounter along your path, you will use them to connect with people, to listen to people, to lead people.
9489	Whatever we play, they watch it, if not on TV, they follow it online.
9490	Whatever you think of Canada’s milk protectionism (and few Canadians who don’t directly profit from it will defend it), it is not a threat to U.S. national security.
9491	What happened is embarrassing,” she said.
9492	What happens after I submit my letter?
9493	What he really replied (according to one report) was, "I have not yet thought of it, but I am determined to make you strike."
9494	"What I can tell you is the family is coming together and grieving together," he says.
9495	What I can't find anywhere online is the names of the photographers in the exhibition — I'd run their names if I could find them all.
9496	What if recordings in the vicinity of Regeni’s residence revealed the true perpetrators?
9497	What I hope is to be able to give you general areas and reports with plenty of underwater photos just to add a bit more interest to the fishing report.
9498	What I learned about Budapest the morning we arrived was that it hid some secret gardens we were about to discover.
9499	What I mean by that is that our reasoning was no longer based on finances and whether or not we have time to make the stop but about the joy we would glean from watching our grandkids enjoy it.
9500	What is beyond death, no mortal would ever know and even after the death, it will remain a secret.
9501	What is floated right now will come back, perhaps in a watered-down version, but the progressives will keep coming after you.
9502	“What is important to my work is the individual picture,” he states on his website.
9503	What is required from the point of tax planning is to ensure that the rental income received is not in the name of one person but more than one family member.
9504	What is the relationship between the Bini, Ife and Oyo?
9505	What is the role of the federal government in decreasing rising tuition and student loan debts?
9506	What Is the Triple Crown of Horse Racing?
9507	What is wrong with us!
9508	“What I’ve always liked about the choir is that there’s no class distinction, there’s no creed – everyone is equal.
9509	What makes it really special is it was David’s first and last car.
9510	“What makes the F1 in Schools Technology Challenge different,” said Mr Sangari, “is that it entails a comprehensive and inclusive learning approach.
9511	What may lie ahead on the political front?
9512	What message has Clinton got for the good people of Chalfont?
9513	What motivated me to become such?
9514	What next for Liverpool FC after Nabil Fekir deal collapses?
9515	"What people will remember is Marcelo’s passage at Sprint."
9516	What Richard doesn’t say in his submission above is that the PM’s promise to see the last of first-past-the-post will be gone in time for the next election, only three years away now.
9517	What should I do?" he asked.
9518	What’s in a name though and what do they think about capturing that perfect sound?
9519	What started as a college project for Sanskriti Dawle (23), Saif Shaikh (22), Aman Srivastava (23) and Dilip Ramesh (23) has evolved into a company, Thinkerbell Labs.
9520	What's the GDP increase vis a vis debt c s. Debt servicing?
9521	What's to keep corporate interests from complaining that our land use laws are at variance with future congressional legisltion, affect inter-state commerce, and don't have to be followed by out of state developers?
9522	"What the scriptures say is to drink in moderation," Ketron said, noting that Jesus did famously turn water into wine.
9523	What the servant owed the master is expressed as a myriad of talents.
9524	What the suit calls the pharmaceutical’s “aggressive marketing,” the sheriff and his attorney feel have contributed to the rise in opioid use, addiction and overdose.
9525	What they have got there in the west is a pretty strong organisation, so I don’t see the same applying in the west.
9526	What was agreed then would have made easier and less costly the basis on which cross border trade is undertaken, for example by reducing the time taken on customs clearance.
9527	What we asked from RMB in our previous letter, was “a guarantee from your bank that your capital not be used for the illegal oil exploration in the occupied country”.
9528	What were once optional safety features—three-point seat belts, antilock brakes, airbags—are now mandatory in vehicles sold in America.
9529	“What we're trying to do, is we're trying to build up our capacity to do projects with the Ring of Fire.”
9530	“What we say we are going to do, we will do,” he added.
9531	What we’ve done is cut down the beauty strip on oil and gas.
9532	“What we've found is that what we're doing is necessary but not sufficient,” Moran said.
9533	What will the MHP's responsibilities be if the People's Alliance wins the majority of seats in Parliament and the presidential government system is implemented?
9534	What will this mean for household budgets?
9535	What would be made of Greenwell had he lived to see 76 years of age and 1960?
9536	What would Jesus being saying about same sex marriage if he were here today?
9537	What would you say is your “signature piece,” something you never leave the house without?
9538	Wheeler predicts that the demonstrations, although now peaceful, will soon grow more and more violent, until police, and perhaps the military, will find them difficult to control.
9539	When a dispute occurred, the latter asked for the return of the deposits.
9540	When Ana was in seventh grade she really flourished in Mary Breslin’s science class.
9541	When Annie Miron first heard about the idea, she was skeptical, but the Nanaimo mom was worried about her daughter, Trinity, 12, who was having a hard time making friends.
9542	When a person dies, his soul passes on to the next World.
9543	When a pretty and gritty Karen Elson lookalike shrieks and hollers, you know it's time for action.
9544	When asked about funding concerns before the Senate vote on the Mission Act, key lawmakers who helped pass the bill claimed it wouldn’t be a challenge.
9545	When asked about the plans of Global expansion, The Producer Director, Mr. Vikas Puri said” We have already been doing our wedding shoots globally.
9546	When asked if he was most concerned about avalanches or rock falls, Paul, who was previously hit by a falling rock while on the job, said the rocks are much more unpredictable.
9547	When asked the secret to a long life, Irma Koch said simply, "Don't smoke, and have a happy,.
9548	When asked why the decision was made, she told the that she nor anyone in her department is permitted to talk with the media regarding individual cases.
9549	When challenged in court, lawyers for the agency argued that the pharmacy’s identity was an exception to the Texas Public Information Act, which aims to protect the public’s right to know about how taxpayers’ money is spent.
9550	When choosing a contractor to do your boiler replacement or oil to gas conversion, it is important that you ask your plumbing contractor a series of questions to ensure he or she can provide you with the necessary services at a reasonable cost.
9551	When coming from Tanzania, lifts depart from Mtwara and Kilambo to the Rovuma river.
9552	When Coval describes his introduction to hip-hop, he goes wide-eyed.
9553	When did you arrive in Canada?
9554	Whenever Seiler needs to teach a new tackle or pass-rush technique, he lines up in a three-point stance.
9555	When getting to know a restaurant, it’s important to find out a little more about the founder—Jay Pappas.
9556	When he answered, his producer asked, “What are you doing right now?”
9557	When Herbert’s Bar closed in January 2017 it was to make way for a new multi-million pound extension to the Kingsgate centre to include bars, restaurants and leisure attractions.
9558	When her grandchildren went off to college, she began a new tradition, sending “Gram’s Care Packages” that were anxiously awaited by her grandchildren and their college friends.
9559	When her husband Drew (Ron Livingston) isn’t working, he’s isolating himself in their bedroom by putting headphones on and playing video games.
9560	When Holmstrom gets the ball set to her in the middle, she is going to do the thing she does best: hit it hard.
9561	When I decided to take the road less traveled as a struggling musician, to not marry young, if at all, to not have kids, she never batted an eye and even walked away from a few friends who decided to voice their objections to it.
9562	When I didn’t cooperate with them, they tortured me.
9563	When I first read the news, I thought Abdul Rahman, who is also BN's strategic communications director, had made a mistake, or that BBC had misquoted him.
9564	When I say there are too many finance companies, I don’t mean that there is too much competition.
9565	When I speak of internationalization or universality of art or music, I don't mean the Westernization of it.
9566	When I started this, I just wanted to feel she was everywhere in this world and not just in heaven.”
9567	"When it comes to covering religion, reporters tend to veer between being overly cynical to being overly credulous," he says.
9568	When it comes to the three business promotion organisations, that is MDC, METCO and IPSE, the survey has highlighted quite significant differences in perceptions.
9569	When it comes to worldwide honours, a Canadian won second place for his job as a bathroom cleaner in a mall.
9570	When it plenty, everybody got.
9571	When it started more than 50 years ago, owners Bern and Gert Laxer did their own plowing, planting and mulching around their home 10 miles north of the restaurant.
9572	When it was being proposed the city change its bylaws to allow food trucks to serve their wares by the roadside in…
9573	When I was a kid, I sometimes wondered if my mom really loved me.
9574	When looked at our population, our exports are weak.
9575	When no UPS delivery came, the woman realized she had been scammed and called the sheriff’s office.
9576	When people can’t see a way past their situation, they get desperate and make desperate decisions,” Sovdi says.
9577	When reviewing drone applications, the city council will consider where, when, and how the drone is to be used.
9578	When Rob Davis named his business Speedy Water Deliveries, he meant speedy.
9579	¯ When: Saturday, 8 a.m. registration, fishing from 9 to 11 a.m., lunch followed by awards.
9580	When she makes pasta for dinner, she stores the leftovers in Tupperware and wraps the containers in grocery bags in the refrigerator to hide them from John David because “it’s almost like he doesn’t know when to stop eating or drinking.”
9581	When she no longer wants to touch you or have you touch her, she is cheating.
9582	When she was 13, her family relocated to Ashville, North Carolina.
9583	When some portions of the golf course were sold for development, Cain said they had to do some redesigning in order to keep the course at 18 holes.
9584	When that happens, Wharton’s move to City Hall will be followed in rapid succession by several other political changes.
9585	"When that's all they're living in then that's how they perceive the world to be," she said of the children in her care.
9586	"When that soft side of her came out again was when we extended the assistance to students.
9587	When the bill came before the Senate, the country’s chief medical officer, Dr. Francis Kateh, health care leaders, professionals, advocates, and mental health service users testified about the potential impact of the bill.
9588	When the boom descended on North Dakota, the country was sinking into a recession.
9589	When the census finally took place in 1998, it did have soldiers accompanying enumerators.
9590	When the LTTE lost Jaffna in 1995, it had places to retreat to as the Kumaratunga government had captured that town at the expense of the Eastern Province which the UNP government of the late President D. B. Wijetunge had cleared.
9591	“When the manager leaves the country, another one from his country of origin is roped in to take over.
9592	When the MDC Alliance sent notification of an intention to march, the police responded with acknowledgement (not permission as none is required) and confirmation of the route.
9593	When the men’s basketball team recognized the shot-blocking prowess of its captain Cedric Kuakumensah ’16, Bruno’s sizzling shooting stole the show.
9594	When the news came in for the election of a military strongman, I sat very still in front of my computer, trying to think of some intelligent thing to write about the Colonel.
9595	When the next chance came his way he slotted coolly into the top right corner.
9596	“When the other teams show up on our field, or when we go to another field, I want the other teams to have to work hard to overcome us.
9597	When there is a calypso sung on Rowley Mudder, sure!
9598	When the team returned to campus, she informed coach Geno Auriemma that she would not use her final year of eligibility.
9599	When they are all set, then I go from there.
9600	When they arrived in 1992, they were assigned a lieutenant from the Interior Ministry’s industrial and scientific espionage division as a handler: Jose Cohen.
9601	When they ask you if the pain was between one and 10, there were times it was 10."
9602	“When they started asking us all of these questions.
9603	When thirteen year old Jasmine Lowe disappeared in June, 2012, the nation joined her parents in fear, and Cayo residents combed the land for clues.
9604	“When tragedy happens like that, people tend to rally,” she said, adding that August, the month after the fire, was the best month ever for business at Bothell Chiropractic and Wellness.
9605	When Twain took center stage, he immediately went into his commentaries on life and hard times with a touch of corn-pone humor.
9606	When Uber came to Sri Lanka they will use someone else’s assets though it is over Uber’s arrival that we will have a big bash!
9607	When Walter was denied re-entry into Jamaica in October 1968, it was Bobby who brought a letter from Walter, which informed us about the cowardly action of the Shearer administration.
9608	When was your first performance?
9609	When we brought the report cards back to the sisters, we brought a dollar.
9610	“When we met and married, we decided to open a store,” Guess added.
9611	When we need to call a friend if we’re having a concern, we have that opportunity to have a warm voice on the other end of the phone,” Matheson said.
9612	"When we say the rule of law doesn't apply because you are not a U.S. citizen, when we say it doesn't apply because you've admitted killing people, then the rule of law doesn't apply to all of us."
9613	When we started producing it, Corbin pulled from dance act Chromeo and a lot of influence from Whitney Houston's 'I Wanna Dance With Somebody.'
9614	“When we start talking about half an inch of rain or more an hour, that’s where we’re more susceptible to mudslides and debris flow in and around our burn zones,” Lowenthal said.
9615	When you are not making any positive impact on the situation be honorable enough to call it quit and make way for a new potential for regeneration.
9616	When you draw this flow chart you will understand the pillars of a state and the pillars of a government.
9617	When you get to a point where you realise I'm not living for you.
9618	"When you have such a philanthropic, good-intentioned event, and when it starts having success, people really gravitate to it," he said.
9619	When you’re in Scientology and your head’s in it, you just believe whatever they tell you.
9620	When you’re sick, people tend to take over for you but staying independent is really important, so I try to support patients and their families through that process as best I can,” she said.
9621	When Yusuf Hawkins got messed up in Bensonhurst, that could have easily been like Watts.
9622	WHEREAS, Erin Holbrook is a probationary teacher in Independent School District No.466.
9623	Where can you ask questions and talk about bullying, harassment and discrimination on campus?
9624	Where do NGOs get their money?
9625	Where is the change?
9626	Where media buyers and salespeople used to be responsible for the procurement and placement of digital ads, it is now chiefly handled by computerized, or programmatic, advertising systems.
9627	“Where we lost our numbers, were in the so-called good weather months, which weren’t such good weather this year,” he said.
9628	Where were these investors when public fund was being committed to the same project?
9629	Whether Asset Value Investors would hold onto their TBS shares after its demand was accepted "depends on how the valuation goes."
9630	Whether at the old fishing club, along the Jordan Esplanade, or anywhere east of the railway line, such government privatisation of public land would be a tragic sacrifice of precious, dwindling public open space.
9631	Whether born for the stage or the shy, less confident child who has never danced a step in their lives, StarCamp caters for all.
9632	Whether he's improvising in a spaceship surrounded by 11 keyboards or forming new iterations of bands, you can always count on him to push the possibilities and the boundaries of jazz.
9633	Whether it is a knife, arrow, axe, club or rifle its use was restricted to those who could demonstrate mastery of the tool.
9634	Whether it is a tie game, or we have a lead, or we are down one or two goals, we are going to be the best team in the third period every time.
9635	Whether other recommendations arising from the VEMA report have been implemented, including the creation of a building inventory and map of high-risk structures and the conducting of a regional soil study, is difficult to ascertain.
9636	Whether regulation, carbon tax, or cap and trade, none of these options will be effective in achieving emission reduction targets (whatever they may be) if they are not accompanied by measures that encourage capital investment.
9637	“Whether we realize it now or not, the time we spent together both inside and outside of the classroom has been a crucial source of friendship and encouragement in one of the most vital times in our lives,” Parsons said.
9638	Whether you’re a fan of basketball or not: the reality is, we as Americans spend a “mad” amount of time engaged in some kind of media whether it’s entertainment, news, or sports.
9639	Which, alongside his WW1 decoration, exempted him from deportation.
9640	Which bird common to Bhutanese eyes would capture my heart?
9641	Which brings me to Chelsea Handler.
9642	Which players will likely be available where the Grizzlies are picking?
9643	While a fire in Grant County was quickly spreading Monday night, many people in Soap Lake were being woken up in the middle of the night and being told to leave immediately.
9644	While at school you can find Mac either playing basketball or baseball.
9645	While attending Labette County schools, Miksch took lessons in piano, voice, band and string instruments, even earning trade school diploma in music at the same time as her high school diploma.
9646	While camper trailers are roomy and …
9647	While fewer people may have died in Las Vegas if bump stocks were banned, the devices have rarely, if ever, been used in prior shootings.
9648	While Harbeck acknowledges that increased interest in renewables is likely related to the crash in oil prices, he thinks awareness of profitable sustainability has been growing for a while.
9649	While I’m ambivalent about the article–and about the question of athletics (broadly defined) at Swarthmore more generally–the response to it’s been scarily harsh.
9650	While in Monterey, visitors are also urged to visit the Monterey Bay Aquarium, often considered the best in the world.
9651	While it contained methylone, a chemical nearly identical to MDMA, it was a different drug altogether.
9652	While I walked from the Moose Light Blues Tent to the Stingray Barracks Tent where Matt Mays was playing later that night, downtown Fredericton was shut down.
9653	While land is undervalued, the claimed social benefits of large monocultures are typically over-stated.
9654	While landscapes change -- a most recent example being the 2014 West Salt Creek landslide on the Grand Mesa, these maps should have a shelf life of at least 200 year, said Noe.
9655	While living at the lodge in the early 1960s, Fox was hired by the former Burnet County Judge to help sell lots for a new subdivision on the lake at Granite Shoals (later renamed Lake LBJ).
9656	• While many youth are resilient and capable of differentiating between a TV drama and real life, those who are isolated, struggling, or vulnerable to suggestive images and storylines may be negatively impacted and affected by watching the series.
9657	While most of Sweden's schools are run by the local municipality, there are also a large number of independent schools (), which are publicly funded and must follow government guidelines on the curriculum, but operate independently.
9658	While no longer dominant in Angola, Swiss traders still make significant payments to Sonangol: in 2011, they exceeded $2 billion -- a sum greater than the country's entire annual health budget.
9659	While not all bargains are scams, you may see clues when you contact the seller.
9660	“While others came, made their money and left, he was the man that stayed.
9661	While Perl makes no big deal of Noah’s two moms, she is nevertheless sensitive to how having two moms might affect Noah in certain situations.
9662	While presenting the report, Hon. Bright pleaded that in view of the sacrifices Mrs. Jonathan’s husband made for the country while he was president, the House should wade into the matter and call the security agencies to order.
9663	While procedure-related complaints have been largely absent from the region’s ridings since the campaign began, a more common election-season issue has surfaced: vandalism of candidates’ signs.
9664	While proponents of the legislation argued the existing regulations hindered economic growth, conservationists fear the price paid for environmental degradation is often lost in the debate.
9665	While reading it I noticed it had what I call bias commentary as when a basketball announcer pretends he is unbiased.
9666	While residential and commercial owners are given seven days to remove graffiti, in the case of utilities and public stakeholders the time frame is “within a reasonable amount of time.”
9667	While Sindh Stars lost to Fly Emirates by four wickets, Allen Cooper were defeated by ANIB XI on Top by 25 runs.
9668	While sometimes eaten raw, it can also be cooked in a Creole sauce or grilled and eaten in a salad.
9669	While students resided in the building, exterior materials and steel frames were noticeably aging, which led to the deterioration of the facade in various locations.
9670	While talking about the challenges, the Economic Survey cited the examples of the November 2016 demonetisation of high-value currency notes and the July 2017 roll-out of the goods and services tax (GST).
9671	While that is an unfortunate aspect to this story it certainly is not the centerpiece.
9672	While the Bay Area has other ranges, club officials estimate the Chabot Gun Club accounts for nearly 25 percent of rifle shooting positions in the region.
9673	While the Brewers were wasteful in possession, misplacing a pass here and running down a blind alley there, the hosts looked unwilling to take any risks with the ball.
9674	While the college didn’t do that, the reaction became so intense the she left campus to go home to Keene, and apparently has no intention of returning.
9675	While the federal government is up and running, at least for a few weeks, many Greenbelters felt the stress of preparing for a shutdown.
9676	While the kingdom has borrowed heavily on the Saudi money markets, it can easily float sovereign debt on the international debt market to ease its domestic credit crunch.
9677	While the Lady Panthers have never made the trip to Austin, Head Coach Charles Hudgeons says his players won't be awestruck or get too caught up in the moment.
9678	While the menu has expanded to pizzas and other items in the past decade, Fatiga's strength — and what makes it one of the truly best eating experiences in Arkansas — is its selection of Italian subs.
9679	While the mixed gender shelter has been referred to as the 275 W. High Ave. shelter, architectural plans released this week show its entrance will actually be on Paramount Avenue, right across the street from Goldberg's business.
9680	While the nation has seen 7.6 percent job growth since 2013, Kansas has lagged far behind, with an anemic rate of 3.5 percent.
9681	While there is interest from northern cattle producers in the Indonesian Government's new live cattle import rules, those participating in the program have been focussed on making the most of the networking opportunity with their industry counterparts.
9682	While there is urgent requirement of more deployment of security forces for filling up the vacuum, the Union Government is in no mood to provide extra Jawans for Anti-Maoist Operations, admit officials.
9683	While the risks inherent in vaccinations, some of which have come to light recently in Viet Nam, cannot be denied, the approval of vaccines is a long, stringent process.
9684	“While these cases may be completed before the elections, it will be a long season for Zec, as there are high chances that it will be dragged to the court even after the elections for different reasons,” said an insider at Zec.
9685	While the study did not find a reduction in physiological stress indicators such as salivary nerve growth factor, it did find a significant difference in perceived stress.
9686	While they are working to tackle crime, they won’t guarantee that the money you invest will be ‘safe’ in every sense of the word.
9687	While they must approve all contracts, sources tell CNN they are essentially a "rubber stamp," for the referrals sent to them by SourceAmerica, which essentially operates independently with contracts for the severely disabled.
9688	While the youth group raised $4,000 for its trip to Virginia through monthly fund-raising activities that ranged from bake sales to a skating party, it also solicited donations from the parish and community.
9689	While today's sea level rise is only about 10% the rate about 13,000 years ago, it is expected to rise rapidly in the coming years, notes the report.
9690	While training made up for a huge part of the body-building process, Ms Faulkner said it mainly came down to nutrition.
9691	While we’re awaiting new seasons of Pepsi Battle of the Bands and Coke Studio 11, which are just round the corner, it is interesting to note that.
9692	“While we respect the fiscal challenges facing the government and the nation, we believe that cutting ARENA’s budget would be short-sighted,” the letter reads.
9693	Whilst much has changed since that time the strategic importance of the canal and the pipeline that runs beside it is undiminished.
9694	Whipkey’s outlook for the season: “We are very excited for this year as we have girls with a lot of experience.
9695	Whirlpool recalls KitchenAid electric kettles due to the handle can loosen and separate from the kettle, causing hot contents to spill, posing a burn hazard.
9696	Whisk in cornstarch all at once, cook 1 minute.
9697	White bass/wipers fair along the dam and creek mouths using spinners.
9698	White spoke openly of the need to do so this season, if Oregon is to give fuel to its championship aspirations.
9699	White, who was the eventual winner, edged the latter in the car hold before being outshined in the log lift.
9700	Who could resist a book that explores the nature of identity with chapters titled not only "Gold Spike," but also "Moment Resistance," and "Medical History"?
9701	Who do you think deserves the credit for that?
9702	“Who do you think you are?” past memories reminded me.
9703	Who ever is DPM now will take the office of the PM.
9704	Whoever that was, I don’t know any names or who that family was,” Berube says.
9705	Who is fighting whom?
9706	Who knew you could order plants from the grocery store?
9707	Who knows what information has been lost forever in that fiasco.
9708	Whoopi Goldberg performs Friday, June 15, at Sound Board in the Motor City Casino Hotel.
9709	Why are there attacts on administration?
9710	Why build on open wild lands if the real object is to provide affordable housing for the middle class and not compounding the already impossible traffic congestion along the I-80 corridor.
9711	Why continue to detain someone despite the explicit orders of the prosecutor to release them immediately," he inquired.
9712	"Why did he go ahead to print 600 copies?
9713	Why don’t we take…
9714	Why feel a constant need to retaliate rather than listen in earnest?
9715	Why GMR represents the worst of Crony Capitalism!
9716	Why is Moscow against NATO trainings in Georgia?
9717	Why is this topic so tough for journalists?
9718	Why not compare what the ambassadors earn to, say, the bloke who empties your bins.
9719	Why not take advantage of doing your shopping online to avoid the unnecessary shopping annoyance?
9720	“Why put extra fertilizer onto parts of the fields that don’t need it?”
9721	Why should the neighbourhood continue to function as a thoroughfare for car commuters?
9722	Why should they then rock the boat?
9723	Why should we rush our youth into the world of work when the jobs are non-existent and the time could be profitably used to train them well?
9724	Why the state policy doesn’t support the projects aimed at preservation and salvation of our historical monuments?
9725	Why would I put my sperm through that?
9726	Wiji Thukul wrestled with the daily realities of poverty and violence.
9727	Wildflower, from that day forward, excelled almost like no dog I've ever trained.
9728	Willard is hot tempered.
9729	William and Kate Middleton’s daughter was born at St. Mary’s Hospital on May 2. Just 10 hours after giving birth, the Duchess of Cambridge left the hospital looking gorgeous in a floral white and yellow Jenny Packman dress.
9730	William Hielscher, a well-known area basketball coach and one of her counselors at Kelly Junior High School, testified last week that he knew Cindy and liked her.
9731	Willingham was entering his final stage of appeals.
9732	Will it be a quiet end of session, or will there be some last-minute deal-making?
9733	Will new Conversion Law bar non-Orthodox conversions?
9734	Will people need to go to the electoral district to vote?
9735	Will this be the summer he leaves his hometown club?
9736	Will this put an end to City’s courtship of the talented midfielder?
9737	Will you please drop me a e-mail?
9738	“Wind power is leading the charge in the transition away from fossil fuels; and continues to blow away the competition on price, performance and reliability”, said Steve Sawyer, GWEC Secretary General.
9739	Windsor-Severance Re-4 School District staff listen as Kevin Copher, center, assistant principal at Windsor High School, explains part of the new Innovation Center at Windsor High School on a tour Monday night.
9740	Winners accumulate points for the next edition, where the winners of the 2017 circuit are defined.
9741	Winners are determined by the number of Tips in the Tip Jar at the Chef’s table.
9742	Winners of the following Knox County Council Parent Teacher Association Awards are:.
9743	Wisdom's small plot, a few steps from his front step, is located right beside the main road in the community.
9744	With 209 branches across the UK you are never far from a local branch.
9745	With 75% of Rockford Public School students on the free or reduced lunch program, students often don't know where their next meal will come from during the summer months.
9746	With a 6-0 win, the Knights ended their final home game on a high note.
9747	With about 30 percent of carbon emissions coming from the fossil fuel.
9748	"With adequate efforts, the region can come closer to meeting the goals, especially through public policies aimed at the most vulnerable population, because poverty has the face of children, women, indigenous peoples and Afro-descendants," she said.
9749	With a full-strength squad, facing a rampant Argyle who arrived in South Cheshire unbeaten in their last 13 - winning 11 and drawing two - would have been a stiff challenge for the Railwaymen.
9750	With All Access, listen to everything, everywhere, in your car and on your computer, smartphone or tablet.
9751	With all of this momentum, we need to increase production of local food, and that means more people buying locally.
9752	With all the many social networking sites, people find it easier to just interact with people online.
9753	With all this in mind I have tried to establish a few guidelines.
9754	With a media career spanning 30-plus years, many as a talk show host on Wisconsin Public Radio, Ben Merens has learned that you can have a profound effect on people by actively listening to their stories.
9755	With a new program which provides full tuition for technical or vocational certification, even officers as high as colonel with master's degrees under their belts take advantage of the opportunities.
9756	With an initial allocation of 57 million euros, this fund could reach 100 million euros by the end of the year “which makes it the first fund of this size dedicated solely to the African tech ecosystem,” Tidjane Deme, cofounder of Partech Africa.
9757	With a physical paper, you will see everything, you can read anything, and when you get to the end, you’re done.
9758	With a premiere that consisted of two back-to-back episodes, “Roseanne” consists of stories involving being a surrogate, health care and the presidential election.
9759	With a purple-pink interface for women and brown for men, the site denotes itself with a calculated discretion.
9760	With a sense of humour, Wilf remarks that during the overseas crossing he was placed in an 8 man unit where all of the men shared the same last name, and would reply in unison when addressed as “Smith”.
9761	With a tagline of “A Human Story in an Inhuman World,” focuses on two survivors in a zombie apocalypse.
9762	With a tasty menu, great ambience and friendly service, it’s not hard to see why.
9763	With a theme of “cheering up Okinawa!”, the students spent three months to develop the products and promoting them.
9764	With Barnes now pinned, Abold would round the final two turns to take the checkered flag.
9765	With better overall electrolyte content, the powder is thus a great solution for highly active people.
9766	With both bowling a nagging line and length, the Maidenhead batsman had little answers and at 106-5 Falkland would have fancied their chances of wrapping up the innings.
9767	With changes to GATE, many are wondering if they're going to get funding and with the recent scare of an old memo being leaked, fears were raised.
9768	With deep respect for Pastors Binion, Lewis and Loera, I am yet another Fresno pastor who strongly supports the medical marijuana tax resolution being proposed by Councilmembers Olivier, Baines, and Caprioglio.
9769	With demand for high-speed Internet on the rise, optical fibres appear the only medium that can provide relief.
9770	With her size and athleticism creating mismatches for opponents, Suess has become not only one of the top players in the state of Minnesota, but one of the elite prospects in the country.
9771	With him, everything had to be exact.
9772	With his energy committed to that break already, Allcock was inevitably caught and had to roll in with the bunch and another frustrating result.
9773	With his passion for science front and centre, David is back at ANU with a scholarship and a clear vision for his own future and for Australia’s future.
9774	With his permission, I want to share some photographs and also hopefully video.
9775	With his wife’s diagnosis of ovarian cancer in the 2000s, the nursery became more difficult to keep up with.
9776	Within days of uploading the commercial to YouTube, the page was inundated with racial comments and slurs and the company was forced to disable the commenting section.
9777	"Within seconds, minutes, it's going to become deadly," said Captain Andy Skaggs of TFD about flooding in washes and streets in Tucson.
9778	Within this conference, we also study the business environment of Artsakh and try to understand the market.he organization's development, our programs will also include Artsakh.
9779	With many new doors opening for the club, Putnam Impact is growing into a more successful organization by the day.
9780	With more options it is increasingly important to understand the dataset version being used—not just the vendor.
9781	With much of the opposition expected to boycott the vote, it was mainly Venezuelans loyal to Maduro’s party who were eager to head to the polls tomorrow.
9782	With no fanning ostrich feathers and make-up to disguise the truth of their actions (to themselves, if not others), in the killers become defensive and then openly threatening, as the truth of their crimes is revealed to them.
9783	With older artists, the law of diminishing returns often applies, and it’s sad when our musical heroes overstay their welcome.
9784	“With only a five-team league, you play each other four times.
9785	“With opportunities like this one, I am able to know that I don’t have to be a farmer to make a difference or to help feed the planet, but that there is a role that we all play,” Amundson said.
9786	“With our excellent digital reach, strong community presence and ever-growing fan base, we are confident members of our Business 200 Club will truly benefit.
9787	Without any hesitation, I lent my voice to that call.
9788	“Without doubt, this would be the most worrying drug issue I have seen emerge in my career in the law.
9789	Without international organizations of women abusers to point our finger at, we relegate misogyny to “the act of a lone madman.”
9790	Without regulation, these vaping cartridges could contain just as many carcinogens as cigarettes, or possibly even more.
9791	Without students taking part in politics, some changes may not be made.
9792	Without the implementation of this policy, he explained that the spectre of 90,000 young men and women, without any employable skills, and thrown onto the streets, would have further entrenched a future of hopelessness for Ghana’s youth.
9793	Without the legal practitioners who devoted their time, skill and knowledge, the rate of clearance would certainly have looked very different.
9794	With possibly bootlegging involved, maybe some mobsters and a former police chief accused of murder, the headlines ran around the country.
9795	With respect to the recent revolution in Georgia, the popular movement there had "very strong diplomatic support from the west" which was bolstered by little resistance from the political elite.
9796	With school returning for term four this week, the 20K Either Way school bus campaign is under way to raise awareness of safe driving around school buses collecting or dropping off children.
9797	With Section 702 of the FISA Amendments Act set to expire at the end of the year, Congress is scurrying to find a way to preserve the post-9/11 authority for the government to conduct mass surveillance of US citizens’ communications.
9798	With Stanley on board, Print said that the church leadership next started considering locations.
9799	With such a turnover of bathers, I wanted to know how the Blue Lagoon ensures the cleanliness of its water.
9800	With ten minutes as the driving time, the downtown cop would arrive at 9:09, eight minutes after the deadly assault began.
9801	With that said the expressive head coach suggested that patience on his part will have to shine.
9802	With the demand for Cuba extremely high at present, there are other alternatives to consider, writes Simon Calder.
9803	With the district administration declaring holiday after 1 pm, parents rushed to schools to pick up their wards.
9804	With the exchange rate of the naira now going for above N412 to $1, existing foreign airlines have also increased the cost of air tickets by about 80 per cent to reflect rising cost of doing business in Nigeria.
9805	With the integrated system, every item is accounted for: from the moment the stock arrives, all the way through to delivery.
9806	With their charismatic leader gone there was a lull in attacks from the Icaiche but the records indicate that their resistance continued until the end of the century.
9807	With the Irish question threatening to hold up any agreement on the transition period, a deal, has been struck, said Barnier.
9808	With the likes of Ranbaxy, Piramal, Dabur Pharma, et al going under the block, there has been a lot of speculation about the industry and where it is headed.
9809	With the longer notice period, the rent is lower.
9810	WITH the Mapinduzi Cup soccer tournament having been staged for ten back-to-back years, it’s high time the hosts made an in-depth review of the manner in which it is run.
9811	With the rapidly changing face of Winnipeg’s Jewish community as a result of the massive influx of newcomers to this city, one of the questions that has preoccupied us for some time is how well these newcomers are integrating into the existing community?
9812	With the rule of law dissolving in China, human rights lawyers realise the attention of international media and diplomatic pressure are the only tools left at their disposal.
9813	With these mistakes, he said, “the only way we’re going to never repeat them is to know them.”
9814	With the summer fast approaching, you’re sure to be spending lots of time outdoors.
9815	With those thoughts, on behalf of my wife Ann Marie, my children and family, I wish you all a very Merry Christmas and happiness in 2018.
9816	With universal growth of information technology, public antipathy and civil society activism is growing everywhere about violations of human rights.
9817	Witnesses said the horse appeared to have slipped on something and tumbled towards the ground as the rider, a young man dressed as a Presidio Soldado, tumbled along with it.
9818	Witness protection is a mere platitude in reality.
9819	Wolf Pack errors lost the pack this game, as UNLV capitalized and made the lead 5-1 in the fourth.
9820	Wolf today reaffirmed what educators have been saying for a long time - that too much emphasis on standardized testing interferes with teaching and learning."
9821	Woman dead after Metrolink train hits car in…
9822	Women are stripped of their rights and become property of the state.
9823	Women from Nkaneng shantytown, led by ANC PR counsellor Paulina Masuhlo Striking Lonmin miners gathered to have a meeting to discuss the deaths of some 34 of their colleagues two days previosly.
9824	Women invited her to their homes to deliver lectures on religious subjects.
9825	Womens Only Massage is operated by Tanya who is a Registered Massage Therapist with the NHPC and has been practicing massage since 1998.
9826	Wood cabinet kitchen with pantry and new granite countertops.
9827	Wood carvings are of cultural and aesthetic importance to Maroons.
9828	Word is, this year more than ever, retailers are going to pushing exclusive deals to those platforms.
9829	Words straight from the heart will be read and cherished.
9830	Working with China, however, offers a number of serious advantages for the Turks.
9831	Work is under way to certify the chain's Viva Wyndham Fortuna Beach in Bahamas.
9832	Workplace teams from across the county are being encouraged to register their interest for next year’s Fit4Work Corporate Games, following another successful event at the UEA Sportspark.
9833	Works on the 1,000 metre scheme at Kilgortnaleague are due to be completed on Friday, October 21st.
9834	Worse, the level of corruption is probably even more incredulous.
9835	Would love to have a home birth, definitely.
9836	“Would you care to say what the issue you have with my question is?”
9837	Would you eat food produced from fly larvae?
9838	Wouters was the Blades second first-round pick of the draft after they selected Jonathan Tychonick from Calgary with the 12th selection.
9839	WQUN's new Whitney Avenue home.
9840	Wrestling vs. US Coast Guard Academy 7:00 p.m.
9841	Write “RIP” or custom messages on the Milano cookies and stand upright in chocolate to form gravestones.
9842	Wrong place, wrong time, and wrong “way” according to many.
9843	Wynwood Brewing Company opened its doors in 2013.
9844	Years ago, she played in a band, which she likes to mention because it sounds cool.
9845	Yellow Medicine East students rocked the cupcake decorating contest, taking all three of the top spots.
9846	Yes – if the players are Carlo and Dale.
9847	Yes, it is by far the most aggravating thing for me when I want to go out and have a good dining experience.
9848	Yesterday, protestors were met with a small scale counter-protest led by Georgian March, a far-right, ultra-nationalist, neo-nazi group that has a history of staging counter demonstrations and threatening violence.
9849	Yesterday Rustavi 2’s Talk Show “Archevani” (The Choice) invited experts and former senior officials to debate the Gazprom issues, that has been a topic of wide concern for the Georgian society.
9850	Yesterday's auction results go before a bankruptcy court judge on Monday, with some talk of a protest over the proceedings.
9851	Yes, the money is in the bank.
9852	Yes we did have some rain during the last three days but it will take many weeks of constant rain to help the trees and to return a flow of water to the streams and the wells of the people.
9853	Yes, we get it - racism is bad and mutual respect and inclusion is good.
9854	Yes you are vain and we love you that way.
9855	Yet again, a Bala player was the stand out performer on the day and on this occasion is was skipper Ilan Rowlands.
9856	Yet, even in the absence of feelings of hunger, she looked forward to what had become ritualized bouts of food stuffing and self induced vomiting.
9857	“Yet he has not once told the public about the child abuse allegations he faced in 2007 and the discretionary decisions of my office, and more specifically by me as the DA.”
9858	'Yeti Obhijaan' missed the chance marginally of becoming the first three dimensional (3D) film in Bengali language.
9859	Yet, on this occasion, I must agree with Museveni that he is not “responsible.”
9860	Yet the New Zealand-born actor - a meat-and-potatoes kind of guy in the vein of fellow Antipodean Mel Gibson is one of the hottest male leads to hit the box office in years.
9861	Yet the Oregonian, in the midst of a year where they’ve taken a hard right turn, praises them as rebels.
9862	Yet the parties can approach this work with confidence.
9863	Yet, the senator did not worry about the legality or repercussions of the continued targeted killings in Somalia, Yemen or Pakistan.
9864	Yet, this is not the case.
9865	Yet when Ponderosa swept Longmont just as they had Berthoud earlier in the day, Berthoud was consigned to the fact that the next day’s match, their final of the season, would be for nothing but pride.
9866	Yet when she finally gave birth to her baby girl Isabella, she seemed to slowly shy away from the spotlight.
9867	Yildirim stressed that Turkey sharply condemns Israel's actions against Palestinians.
9868	You agree to those limitations when you agree to work there.
9869	You will be able to see shops, music, street performers, and a silent disco, all in a effervescent atmosphere.
9870	You all don’t get it, she did it to piss off Gonsalves & Son, and it may even add to the cousins inferiority complex.
9871	You also can't have half- friends and half-enemies.
9872	“You always have more in you that you don’t know about.”
9873	“You always hear location, location, location.
9874	You are doing a sport that any able-bodied person can do.
9875	You are invited to support the Foundation by individual gifts of cash, planned gifts, life insurance, retirement accounts, securities, real estate, grant funding and also corporate contributions.
9876	You are making great efforts to protect the sovereignty and independence of your country.
9877	“You are not a little dictator to do whatever you want – and that’s what we have right now in Houston, Texas,” he said.
9878	“You are the pride of Boston Public Schools,” he said.
9879	You can also donate to the cause by visiting the website of the American Red Cross here.
9880	You can also find all the talk from around the League, and a sprinkling of World Cup chatter.
9881	You can also find out more about the competition by visiting
9882	You can be sure that many of the people who stayed up all night to celebrate the dawning of a new era with the election of Obama would be less than impressed if a convoy of Travellers pitched up on their local football pitch.
9883	“You can do far more than you ever expected if you just push yourself and keep going, and if someone tells you no, you just continue on.”
9884	You can extend this one time workshop by working with an RISBDC business counselor.
9885	You can find attractive-great essays that outstanding is never affected and other people you will not choose to look over twice.
9886	You can find Hav2Go on any normal day in Copenhagen’s most reputed food market, but Sisse & Co promise far more from their collaboration with the festival.
9887	You can flip proposition quite well, but with each flip you demonstrate only that you heard the proposition presented, which is a start, but it necessarily alters the precision of the proposition in the first place and its application.
9888	You can go on the train.
9889	You can go outside and go for a walk or a run without shivering the entire time.
9890	You can have a friend that has a present for this kind of preparation and layout that can help with some advice.
9891	“You can imagine how quickly you put people in hotels, you’re giving them clothing vouchers … but by the time you are done helping a family for that 72 hours, it adds up to a significant amount.
9892	You can imagine how that affected unemployment data.
9893	You can not wriggle out of taxes, the economy should emerge from the shadows", - Raul Khadjimba.
9894	You can see turtles upside down with their stomachs slashed and blood being taken out to sell to Bengalis and Keralites.
9895	You can't automate good parenting.
9896	“You can’t go wrong if you’re a student coming out of school and you’re looking for some guidance,” Jackson said.
9897	You can’t start anywhere else” said McClure.
9898	You can usually claim an exemption for yourself.
9899	You chose to think of materialism and greed when you walk through those “heavy glass doors.”
9900	You could spend a lifetime fighting with one councillor, or you could spend a lifetime asking 1,000 people, or 10,000 people, what they think, and then that one councillor doesn’t quite have the same power that they might have, otherwise.
9901	“You’d be better off asking a next-door neighbor,” Frost said when asked what the NCAA will decide.
9902	You do have to hurry, though.
9903	"You don’t assume, when you think of the game industry, that you can do it here.
9904	"You don't hear of cave-ins on culverts really anywhere.
9905	You don’t need anything else as long as you got the E-CHU.”
9906	You either drop out right now, or you lose by the biggest landslide in American political history."
9907	“You get a cycle where one thing leads to the other.”
9908	You get all dressed up and go out to spend some great quality time together.
9909	You get the grapes on your own, and the whole process of winemaking is ensured by Semina.
9910	“You guys are the fiscal authority of the town,” said Henrici.
9911	“You have massive protests against Qaddafi.
9912	“You have the two extremes as far as different reasons for crop insurance,” he said.
9913	You have to weigh the risk,” he says.
9914	You have winds blowing in as hard as it is and you find a way to get jammed and push it to the right side and you get a hit to get the tying run with it.
9915	"You hear all these people getting on to the cops about shooting, like, the thing, They're not blaming the gun there, they're blaming the cop.
9916	You know how in the most somber of situations something happens that makes you almost want to giggle?
9917	“You know, I can’t help wishing Paul had sent us that other boy of his,” the old coach added.
9918	You know it’s about sex, but you listen to it and try to connect the metaphors, and it’s not quite dirty.
9919	“You know majority of women in the families have not the authority to give birth to few babies so that they will not face financial problem in the future and to have good education and health.
9920	You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake, I always say.
9921	You know your target audience better than we do, I personally think the 2nd cover is the most eye catching of the two, but the hyper religious hypocritical Nigerian masses would choose the first one.
9922	You literally have owned the SDF party.
9923	You’ll be able to choose to play as either the male Alexios or the female Kassandra, both of whom are Spartan “outcasts-turned-mercenaries” who appear to have joined the Assassins Brotherhood.
9924	You’ll be surprised at the repercussions.
9925	You’ll find delightful home decor accents in this boutique that’s well-known around the country for its innovative approach to candles.
9926	You love them dearly, they complain, you don’t, they complain.
9927	“You made that decision because someone has offered you the possibility of friendship with Jesus Christ.”
9928	You may also be locked into a single network of providers – if so, you might want to check if your nearest English-speaking dentist is on the list before you sign.
9929	You may be procrastinating from something, but you are doing it productively.
9930	You may choose to express your shock in a different way, as we all are different to express what we feel about any sad event.
9931	You may not transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of any of your rights or obligations arising under this Agreement, without our prior written consent.
9932	You may think that number is not extraordinarily high for a two-county area where drug use is widespread, but think about it this way.
9933	You mix that kind of illiteracy with the Communist International, then I guess he felt that We Are Hade hzbi Hade lbi.
9934	You must have a pain somewhere.
9935	You need another 210k. open the attachment and use the right column to tell me which accounts and how much per account.”
9936	You need bus lanes, public parking, and better traffic management.
9937	You need the Acrobat Reader Plug-In to view this in your browser window.
9938	You never expect your kids to fall into these things.
9939	Young golfers hit the links in Alexandria.
9940	Young people will walk around in the bubble of headphones listening to Etaoin & The Shrdlus and their anthems of alienation and wondering why they feel lousy.
9941	You ought to harden your skin and get a life.”
9942	You out-bid several other buyers to get it by giving the seller a preferred quick closing.
9943	You possess immense love from your family.
9944	You qouted AT guide lines.
9945	Your $50 tax credit isn't going to get you far in this election.
9946	Your chat session will begin shortly.
9947	Your credibility is void.
9948	“You’re saying you want it all and the neighborhood be damned,” said one neighbor, Bill Powar.
9949	You’re seeing that the last few games.”
9950	You're telling me if Tom Glavine finished his career with 298 victories instead of 305, he would have been less of a pitcher?
9951	Your information will be saved and you can get the SIM card legally.
9952	Your insistence, your determination to stick to your opinion in the face of all the new evidence makes you look like a closed-mined idiot.
9953	Your kindness is overwhelming.
9954	Your life tomorrow will be determined by what you think today.
9955	Your next chance to see the team is tomorrow (Tuesday) night at the Brindy, when they again take on the Glacier Kings before heading down-Island for a rematch against Oceanside Friday night.
9956	Your recent announcement that radio station KUAM is contemplating a commercial television station is good news not only for the natives of Guam but for our military personnel and their families as well.
9957	“Your responsibility is to find the ways, develop the ways, but be active,” said Rev. Al Sharpton.
9958	Your the only Santa and that makes you special to me!
9959	You see, I interned at Britain’s Parliament in the House of Commons this past summer.
9960	You see, says Dr. Dan, most people see their primary care physician for 80 to 90 percent of their medical needs.
9961	You see them high-fiving the cooks, telling jokes and sharing stories across the counter, singing “Happy Birthday” to a young waiter before he starts his shift.
9962	You shall apply yellow tape on the threshold (floor) of the entrance to block it.
9963	You should be known to be producing from information gathered from either extension officers or records from the Grain Marketing Board and one should have an offer letter."
9964	You should check out these accounts, because the local media completely whiffed on coverage over the ensuing 24 hours.
9965	You should get plenty of Rest, Eat a healthy meal, and Drink plenty of fluids,” said Norton.
9966	You should put it in a box and keep it for yourself,” Ash remembers, exasperated by the memory alone.
9967	You still show up.
9968	You talk as if Republicans and Trump are separate things.
9969	You tell me, you know, where am I safe?"
9970	Youth mental health, suicide and bullying was thrust in to the national spotlight following the highly-publicised death of 14-year-old Amy 'Dolly' Everett in January.
9971	Youths are comparable to bamboo shoots, as they will become the country’s future leaders and officials.
9972	Youth unemployment in Australia is currently sitting at 13.3 per cent.
9973	Youth will continue be taken to task by the right for the foreseeable future.
9974	YouTuber Logan Paul says sorry after posting sickening video of suicide victim hanging from a treeThe American vlogger is hugely popular with children and he provoked outrage after he uploaded the video to his 15 million followers.
9975	You’ve just had Songkran, which I believe is the Thai New Year, but is the money that the tourists bring in the only important thing?
9976	You walk into it and you’re completely struck with how much time has passed.”
9977	You want some drugs; you know where to find me, in the Ghetto, you want a hit man, you know where to find me, in the Ghetto.
9978	You will also have enough time to revise your paper before you can submit it in your college or university.
9979	`You with your own hands built for yourself a dungeon with no door'.
9980	You would be negligent not to adhere to sound advice aimed at restoring your sanity and overall wellness.
9981	"You would be surprised how many people will drive in from an hour or two hours away to come in and spend an afternoon at Great Shots," North said.
9982	You wouldn’t build your own office chairs, pave your own parking lot, or plaster your own billboards, so why would you trust one of the most important aspects of your business to amateurs?
9983	You wouldn't go to buy fighter jets because there is no possibility of creating a balance of power against "Israel" on that level, instead you would go buy air defense systems.
9984	You would think this would be a no-brainer, but there are countless stories of students who have switched to single rooms because their roommates have had unwelcome guests over at inappropriate times of night and in inappropriate situations.
9985	“Yukoners have a history of responding with compassion when these types of tragedies happen,” NDP Leader Liz Hanson said.
9986	Yum China tumbled overnight when same-store sales came up short of expectations, weighed down by a weak performance at Pizza Hut.
9987	Yvette said time disappears in her studio, especially when she’s working towards an exhibition.
9988	Zack is a huge fan of watching sports and his sports teams normally disappoint him at the end of each season.
9989	Zambia has implemented the Mineral Value Chain Monitoring Project (MCVMP), which aims to independently monitor and facilitate the exploration and exploitation of mining and mineral value chains in the country.
9990	ZAMNET Communication Systems Limited, the pioneering Internet Service Provider in Zambia is proud to announce that it has successfully set up an Internet gateway into Europe using optic fibre end-to-end.
9991	Zanich took the motion under consideration and advised both attorneys he would rule before Rogers’ next scheduled appearance.
9992	Zelma was a member of the local Bowie VFW Ladies Auxiliary and had served as officer in many different local and state positions.
9993	Zero Degrees Festival will be ‘better than ever’
9994	Zhai Feng Fu alleges that the defendants Long Yan Wang, Long Yan Xin, Gong Xin Guan and Fan Jiang Ming stole the company’s money and deposited it into their individual FNB accounts.
9995	Zhu Xiaohu, founder of GSR Ventures, said at a speech in April that mini programs will overturn the giants of PC and mobile Internet, and that total investment in mini programs could reach the tens of billions of yuan this year.
9996	Zidane, who had been Madrid's coach for two and a half seasons, said that the club needed "a change to keep winning".
9997	Zimbabwe would be monitoring today’s match between Australia and South Africa with keen interest after the series was thrown wide open following the hosts’ historic three-wicket win over the Aussies on Sunday.
9998	Zimpapers does not warrant that the functions contained in this site will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects will be corrected or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs.
9999	Zucker gave the Wild a 1-0 lead 7:50 in.
10000	Zulu was a celebrated and well-established racing driver for Volkswagen.